拉链法:  
请输入哈希表的容量n:(推荐n>=100) 
3000
哈希函数选择：
1: BKDRHash算法
2: DJBHash算法
3: JSHash算法
4: RSHash算法
5: SDBMHash算法
6: ELFHash算法
请输入整数1~6来选择哈希函数hash_k : 
4
all sentences: 1728
all_words: 32516
diff_words: 4855
search: 8795
space = n : 3000
n/diff_words: 0.61792
average_search = search/diff_words: 1.81153
-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: man
Sentence 28
So they went on disputing till Brother B said he would bet twenty thousand pounds that the man would live thirty days, anyway, on that million, and keep out of jail, too. 
Sentence 32
Then he dictated a letter, which one of his clerks wrote out in a beautiful round hand, and then the two brothers sat at the window a whole day watching for the right man to give it to. 
Sentence 101
This is what it said: "You are an intelligent and honest man, as one may see by your face. 
Sentence 119
If I ask the Bank of England to place this bill to the credit of the man it belongs to, they'll do it, for they know him, although I don't; but they will ask me how I came in possession of it, and if I tell the truth, they'll put me in the asylum, naturally, and a lie will land me in jail. 
Sentence 159
The man stood there holding the bill, and looking like that, and the proprietor hustled up to see what was the matter, and said, briskly: "Well, what's up? 
Sentence 215
Yes, I was a made man now; my place was established. 
Sentence 224
The illustrated papers made the outfit so familiar that when I went out in it I was at once recognized and followed by a crowd, and if I attempted a purchase the man would offer me his whole shop on credit before I could pull my note on him. 
Sentence 379
Then it all flashed on me, and I owned up like a man. 
Sentence 387
You can save me, and you're the only man in the universe that can. 
Sentence 408
I'm a made man, I'm a made man forever, and I'll never forget you as long as I live!" 
Sentence 411
I know the man, and I know the mine. 
Sentence 434
"We are glad to hear it," said my man, "for now we can decide the bet which my brother Abel and I made. 
Sentence 446
"What, man! 
Sentence 453
It's incredible, man!" 
Sentence 467
I want to give you the situation," said my man. 
Sentence 476
She walked to my man, got up in his lap, put her arm round his neck, and kissed him right on the mouth. 
Sentence 560
Bumble was a fat man, and a choleric; so, instead of responding to this open-hearted salutation in a kindred spirit, he gave the little wicket a tremendous shake, and then bestowed upon it a kick which could have emanated from no leg but a beadle's. 
Sentence 699
They made a great many other wise and humane regulations, having reference to the ladies, which it is not necessary to repeat; kindly undertook to divorce poor married people, in consequence of the great expense of a suit in Doctors' Commons; and, instead of compelling a man to support his family, as they had theretofore done, took his family away from him, and made him a bachelor! 
Sentence 717
He rose from the table; and advancing to the master, basin and spoon in hand, said: somewhat alarmed at his own temerity: 'Please, sir, I want some more.' The master was a fat, healthy man; but he turned very pale. 
Sentence 735
In other words, five pounds and Oliver Twist were offered to any man or woman who wanted an apprentice to any trade, business, or calling. 
Sentence 762
Don't be too hard on a poor man. 
Sentence 798
'The kind and blessed gentleman which is so many parents to you, Oliver, when you have none of your own: are a going to 'prentice' you: and to set you up in life, and make a man of you: although the expense to the parish is three pound ten!--three pound ten, Oliver!--seventy shillins--one hundred and forty sixpences!--and all for a naughty orphan which nobody can't love.' As Mr. 
Sentence 831
'And this man that's to be his master--you, sir--you'll treat him well, and feed him, and do all that sort of thing, will you?' said the old gentleman. 
Sentence 834
'You're a rough speaker, my friend, but you look an honest, open-hearted man,' said the old gentleman: turning his spectacles in the direction of the candidate for Oliver's premium, whose villainous countenance was a regular stamped receipt for cruelty. 
Sentence 846
'Now, boy, tell us what's the matter: don't be afraid.' Oliver fell on his knees, and clasping his hands together, prayed that they would order him back to the dark room--that they would starve him--beat him--kill him if they pleased--rather than send him away with that dreadful man. 
Sentence 869
In great families, when an advantageous place cannot be obtained, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, for the young man who is growing up, it is a very general custom to send him to sea. 
Sentence 877
Sowerberry was a tall gaunt, large-jointed man, attired in a suit of threadbare black, with darned cotton stockings of the same colour, and shoes to answer. 
Sentence 906
Sowerberry said this, with the becoming indignation of an ill-used man; and as Mr. 
Sentence 920
'The die is the same as the porochial seal--the Good Samaritan healing the sick and bruised man. 
Sentence 1162
There was no fire in the room; but a man was crouching, mechanically, over the empty stove. 
Sentence 1166
The man's face was thin and very pale; his hair and beard were grizzly; his eyes were bloodshot. 
Sentence 1168
Oliver was afraid to look at either her or the man. 
Sentence 1170
'Nobody shall go near her,' said the man, starting fiercely up, as the undertaker approached the recess. 
Sentence 1172
Damn you, keep back, if you've a life to lose!' 'Nonsense, my good man,' said the undertaker, who was pretty well used to misery in all its shapes. 
Sentence 1173
'Nonsense!' 'I tell you,' said the man: clenching his hands, and stamping furiously on the floor,--'I tell you I won't have her put into the ground. 
Sentence 1176
'Ah!' said the man: bursting into tears, and sinking on his knees at the feet of the dead woman; 'kneel down, kneel down --kneel round her, every one of you, and mark my words! 
Sentence 1186
Having unloosened the cravat of the man who still remained extended on the ground, she tottered towards the undertaker. 
Sentence 1203
An old black cloak had been thrown over the rags of the old woman and the man; and the bare coffin having been screwed down, was hoisted on the shoulders of the bearers, and carried into the street. 
Sentence 1221
'Come, my good fellow!' said Bumble, tapping the man on the back. 
Sentence 1222
'They want to shut up the yard.' The man who had never once moved, since he had taken his station by the grave side, started, raised his head, stared at the person who had addressed him, walked forward for a few paces; and fell down in a swoon. 
Sentence 1281
'Oh, you little wretch!' screamed Charlotte: seizing Oliver with her utmost force, which was about equal to that of a moderately strong man in particularly good training. 
Sentence 1305
'Your master's not at home; there's not a man in the house, and he'll kick that door down in ten minutes.' Oliver's vigorous plunges against the bit of timber in question, rendered this occurance highly probable. 
Sentence 1418
If he had hesitated for one instant to punish Oliver most severely, it must be quite clear to every experienced reader that he would have been, according to all precedents in disputes of matrimony established, a brute, an unnatural husband, an insulting creature, a base imitation of a man, and various other agreeable characters too numerous for recital within the limits of this chapter. 
Sentence 1499
In fact, if it had not been for a good-hearted turnpike-man, and a benevolent old lady, Oliver's troubles would have been shortened by the very same process which had put an end to his mother's; in other words, he would most assuredly have fallen dead upon the king's highway. 
Sentence 1500
But the turnpike-man gave him a meal of bread and cheese; and the old lady, who had a shipwrecked grandson wandering barefoot in some distant part of the earth, took pity upon the poor orphan, and gave him what little she could afford--and more--with such kind and gentle words, and such tears of sympathy and compassion, that they sank deeper into Oliver's soul, than all the sufferings he had ever undergone. 
Sentence 1512
He was a snub-nosed, flat-browed, common-faced boy enough; and as dirty a juvenile as one would wish to see; but he had about him all the airs and manners of a man. 
Sentence 1515
He wore a man's coat, which reached nearly to his heels. 
Sentence 1570
This seemed to be some watchword or signal that all was right; for the light of a feeble candle gleamed on the wall at the remote end of the passage; and a man's face peeped out, from where a balustrade of the old kitchen staircase had been broken away. 
Sentence 1571
'There's two on you,' said the man, thrusting the candle farther out, and shielding his eyes with his hand. 
Sentence 1635
Five of 'em strung up in a row, and none left to play booty, or turn white-livered!' As the Jew uttered these words, his bright dark eyes, which had been staring vacantly before him, fell on Oliver's face; the boy's eyes were fixed on his in mute curiousity; and although the recognition was only for an instant--for the briefest space of time that can possibly be conceived--it was enough to show the old man that he had been observed. 
Sentence 1718
He'll be a great man himself, and will make you one too, if you take pattern by him.--Is my handkerchief hanging out of my pocket, my dear?' said the Jew, stopping short. 
Sentence 1726
If you go on, in this way, you'll be the greatest man of the time. 
Sentence 1727
And now come here, and I'll show you how to take the marks out of the handkerchiefs.' Oliver wondered what picking the old gentleman's pocket in play, had to do with his chances of being a great man. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: American
Sentence 225
About the tenth day of my fame I went to fulfil my duty to my flag by paying my respects to the American minister. 
Sentence 244
There was still another guest, an American - but I am a little ahead of my story. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: poor
Sentence 33
They saw many honest faces go by that were not intelligent enough; many that were intelligent, but not honest enough; many that were both, but the possessors were not poor enough, or, if poor enough, were not strangers. 
Sentence 56
He wanted to look at it, and keep on looking at it; he couldn't seem to get enough of it to quench the thirst of his eye, but he shrank from touching it as if it had been something too sacred for poor common clay to handle. 
Sentence 102
We conceive you to be poor and a stranger. 
Sentence 204
From being a poor, struggling, little hand-to-mouth enterprise, it had become celebrated, and overcrowded with customers. 
Sentence 343
Henry, it doesn't merely make me realize how rich you are; it makes me realize, to the bone, to the marrow, how poor I am - how poor I am, and how miserable, how defeated, routed, annihilated!" 
Sentence 516
'Ah, poor dear, so it is!' said the nurse, picking up the cork of the green bottle, which had fallen out on the pillow, as she stooped to take up the child. 
Sentence 535
Upon this, the parish authorities magnanimously and humanely resolved, that Oliver should be 'farmed,' or, in other words, that he should be dispatched to a branch-workhouse some three miles off, where twenty or thirty other juvenile offenders against the poor-laws, rolled about the floor all day, without the inconvenience of too much food or too much clothing, under the parental superintendence of an elderly female, who received the culprits at and for the consideration of sevenpence-halfpenny per small head per week. 
Sentence 646
'Will she go with me?' inquired poor Oliver. 
Sentence 675
You know you're an orphan, I suppose?' 'What's that, sir?' inquired poor Oliver. 
Sentence 695
And this was it: The members of this board were very sage, deep, philosophical men; and when they came to turn their attention to the workhouse, they found out at once, what ordinary folks would never have discovered--the poor people liked it! 
Sentence 697
'Oho!' said the board, looking very knowing; 'we are the fellows to set this to rights; we'll stop it all, in no time.' So, they established the rule, that all poor people should have the alternative (for they would compel nobody, not they), of being starved by a gradual process in the house, or by a quick one out of it. 
Sentence 699
They made a great many other wise and humane regulations, having reference to the ladies, which it is not necessary to repeat; kindly undertook to divorce poor married people, in consequence of the great expense of a suit in Doctors' Commons; and, instead of compelling a man to support his family, as they had theretofore done, took his family away from him, and made him a bachelor! 
Sentence 762
Don't be too hard on a poor man. 
Sentence 799
Bumble paused to take breath, after delivering this address in an awful voice, the tears rolled down the poor child's face, and he sobbed bitterly. 
Sentence 937
Bumble, I pay a good deal towards the poor's rates.' 'Hem!' said Mr. 
Sentence 1067
he!' 'Oh, you queer soul!' said Charlotte, bursting into a hearty laugh, in which she was joined by Noah; after which they both looked scornfully at poor Oliver Twist, as he sat shivering on the box in the coldest corner of the room, and ate the stale pieces which had been specially reserved for him. 
Sentence 1339
'It's a poor boy from the free-school, sir,' replied Mr. 
Sentence 1500
But the turnpike-man gave him a meal of bread and cheese; and the old lady, who had a shipwrecked grandson wandering barefoot in some distant part of the earth, took pity upon the poor orphan, and gave him what little she could afford--and more--with such kind and gentle words, and such tears of sympathy and compassion, that they sank deeper into Oliver's soul, than all the sufferings he had ever undergone. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: look
Sentence 39
I was going to open it, but he said no; take it to my lodgings, and look it over carefully, and not be hasty or rash. 
Sentence 56
He wanted to look at it, and keep on looking at it; he couldn't seem to get enough of it to quench the thirst of his eye, but he shrank from touching it as if it had been something too sacred for poor common clay to handle. 
Sentence 166
It's easy to say, sir; but look at the bill yourself." 
Sentence 167
The proprietor took a look, gave a low, eloquent whistle, then made a dive for the pile of rejected clothing, and began to snatch it this way and that, talking all the time excitedly, and as if to himself: "Sell an eccentric millionaire such an unspeakable suit as that! 
Sentence 177
look at that, now! 
Sentence 220
couldn't take his breakfast without a crowd to look on; couldn't appear in an operabox without concentrating there the fire of a thousand lorgnettes. 
Sentence 240
I believed my second year's salary would carry me through the rest of the month if I went on being cautious and economical, and I intended to look sharply out for that. 
Sentence 247
The moment the usual civilities were over, Hastings caught sight of me, and came straight with cordially outstretched hand; then stopped short when about to shake, and said, with an embarrassed look: "I beg your pardon, sir, I thought I knew you." 
Sentence 308
Why, I couldn't even say "Two for his heels" without adding, "My, how sweet you do look!" 
Sentence 332
Maybe it will teach you not to expect other people to look with your eyes." 
Sentence 339
"Let me just stand here a little and look my fill. 
Sentence 419
Dressed at my level best, I drove by the house in Portland Place, judged by the look of things that my birds were home again, went on towards the minister's and got my precious, and we started back, talking salary with all our might. 
Sentence 445
Meantime, take a look at that." 
Sentence 656
Bumble from the wretched home where one kind word or look had never lighted the gloom of his infant years. 
Sentence 746
It's humane too, gen'l'men, acause, even if they've stuck in the chimbley, roasting their feet makes 'em struggle to hextricate theirselves.' The gentleman in the white waistcoat appeared very much amused by this explanation; but his mirth was speedily checked by a look from Mr. 
Sentence 785
Gamfield gave an arch look at the faces round the table, and, observing a smile on all of them, gradually broke into a smile himself. 
Sentence 804
Bumble instructed Oliver that all he would have to do, would be to look very happy, and say, when the gentleman asked him if he wanted to be apprenticed, that he should like it very much indeed; both of which injunctions Oliver promised to obey: the rather as Mr. 
Sentence 811
Bumble said this, he put on a grim and threatening look, and added, in a low voice, 'Mind what I told you, you young rascal!' Oliver stared innocently in Mr. 
Sentence 834
'You're a rough speaker, my friend, but you look an honest, open-hearted man,' said the old gentleman: turning his spectacles in the direction of the candidate for Oliver's premium, whose villainous countenance was a regular stamped receipt for cruelty. 
Sentence 841
But, as it chanced to be immediately under his nose, it followed, as a matter of course, that he looked all over his desk for it, without finding it; and happening in the course of his search to look straight before him, his gaze encountered the pale and terrified face of Oliver Twist: who, despite all the admonitory looks and pinches of Bumble, was regarding the repulsive countenance of his future master, with a mingled expression of horror and fear, too palpable to be mistaken, even by a half-blind magistrate. 
Sentence 844
'My boy!' said the old gentleman, 'you look pale and alarmed. 
Sentence 954
Bumble thought it expedient to look down, and see that the boy was in good order for inspection by his new master: which he accordingly did, with a fit and becoming air of gracious patronage. 
Sentence 966
Bumble, stopping short, and darting at his little charge a look of intense malignity. 
Sentence 977
Bumble regarded Oliver's piteous and helpless look, with some astonishment, for a few seconds; hemmed three or four times in a husky manner; and after muttering something about 'that troublesome cough,' bade Oliver dry his eyes and be a good boy. 
Sentence 1047
It is difficult for a large-headed, small-eyed youth, of lumbering make and heavy countenance, to look dignified under any circumstances; but it is more especially so, when superadded to these personal attractions are a red nose and yellow smalls. 
Sentence 1149
Noah, look after the shop. 
Sentence 1151
They walked on, for some time, through the most crowded and densely inhabited part of the town; and then, striking down a narrow street more dirty and miserable than any they had yet passed through, paused to look for the house which was the object of their search. 
Sentence 1168
Oliver was afraid to look at either her or the man. 
Sentence 1426
He had listened to their taunts with a look of contempt; he had borne the lash without a cry: for he felt that pride swelling in his heart which would have kept down a shriek to the last, though they had roasted him alive. 
Sentence 1436
One timid look around--one moment's pause of hesitation--he had closed it behind him, and was in the open street. 
Sentence 1497
In others, he would stand about the inn-yards, and look mournfully at every one who passed: a proceeding which generally terminated in the landlady's ordering one of the post-boys who were lounging about, to drive that strange boy out of the place, for she was sure he had come to steal something. 
Sentence 1509
He took little heed of this at first; but the boy remained in the same attitude of close observation so long, that Oliver raised his head, and returned his steady look. 
Sentence 1525
But,' he added, noticing Oliver's look of surprise, 'I suppose you don't know what a beak is, my flash com-pan-i-on.' Oliver mildly replied, that he had always heard a bird's mouth described by the term in question. 
Sentence 1649
'Are you sure?' cried the Jew: with a still fiercer look than before: and a threatening attitude. 
Sentence 1664
Only a miser; that's all.' Oliver thought the old gentleman must be a decided miser to live in such a dirty place, with so many watches; but, thinking that perhaps his fondness for the Dodger and the other boys, cost him a good deal of money, he only cast a deferential look at the Jew, and asked if he might get up. 
Sentence 1699
At such times, he would look constantly round him, for fear of thieves, and would keep slapping all his pockets in turn, to see that he hadn't lost anything, in such a very funny and natural manner, that Oliver laughed till the tears ran down his face. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: spoke
Sentence 16
I was just getting desperate enough to brave all the shame, and to seize it, when a window behind me was raised, and a gentleman spoke out of it, saying: "Step in here, please." 
Sentence 142
The fellow I spoke to nodded his head towards another fellow, and gave me no answer. 
Sentence 481
Of course, I spoke right up now, without any fooling, and went straight to the point. 
Sentence 505
As the young woman spoke, he rose, and advancing to the bed's head, said, with more kindness than might have been expected of him: 'Oh, you must not talk about dying yet.' 'Lor bless her dear heart, no!' interposed the nurse, hastily depositing in her pocket a green glass bottle, the contents of which she had been tasting in a corner with evident satisfaction. 
Sentence 683
The gentleman who spoke last was unconsciously right. 
Sentence 860
'We refuse to sanction these indentures,' said the old gentleman: tossing aside the piece of parchment as he spoke. 
Sentence 914
Bumble spoke, he raised his cane to the bill above him, and gave three distinct raps upon the words 'five pounds': which were printed thereon in Roman capitals of gigantic size. 
Sentence 1520
'I am very hungry and tired,' replied Oliver: the tears standing in his eyes as he spoke. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: traffic
Sentence 2
When I was twenty-seven years old, I was a mining-broker's clerk in San Francisco, and an expert in all the details of stock traffic. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: office
Sentence 500
The fact is, that there was considerable difficulty in inducing Oliver to take upon himself the office of respiration,--a troublesome practice, but one which custom has rendered necessary to our easy existence; and for some time he lay gasping on a little flock mattress, rather unequally poised between this world and the next: the balance being decidedly in favour of the latter. 
Sentence 806
When they arrived at the office, he was shut up in a little room by himself, and admonished by Mr. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: money
Sentence 9
This money fed and sheltered me twenty-four hours. 
Sentence 25
Well, the brothers, chatting along, happened to get to wondering what might be the fate of a perfectly honest and intelligent stranger who should be turned adrift in London without a friend, and with no money but that million-pound bank-note, and no way to account for his being in possession of it. 
Sentence 42
As soon as I was out of sight of that house I opened my envelope, and saw that it contained money! 
Sentence 44
I lost not a moment, but shoved note and money into my vest pocket, and broke for the nearest cheap eating house. 
Sentence 46
When at last I couldn't hold any more, I took out my money and unfolded it, took one glimpse and nearly fainted. 
Sentence 103
Enclosed you will find a sum of money. 
Sentence 120
The same result would follow if I tried to bank the bill anywhere or to borrow money on it. 
Sentence 147
It didn't fit, and wasn't in any way attractive, but it was new, and I was anxious to have it; so I didn't find any fault, but said, with some diffidence: "It would be an accommodation to me if you could wait some days for the money. 
Sentence 205
Harris was so grateful that he forced loans upon me, and would not be denied; and so, pauper as I was, I had money to spend, and was living like the rich and the great. 
Sentence 239
Everybody had been trying to lend me money, but I had fought off the most of them on one pretext or another; so this indebtedness represented only 拢300 borrowed money, the other 拢300 represented my keep and my purchases. 
Sentence 384
He had worked hard, had pulled every wire he knew of, had left no honest expedient untried, had spent nearly all the money he had in the world, had not been able to get a solitary capitalist to listen to him, and his option would run out at the end of the month. 
Sentence 457
Her eyes were spread wide, and she said: "Henry, is that really your money? 
Sentence 1664
Only a miser; that's all.' Oliver thought the old gentleman must be a decided miser to live in such a dirty place, with so many watches; but, thinking that perhaps his fondness for the Dodger and the other boys, cost him a good deal of money, he only cast a deferential look at the Jew, and asked if he might get up. 
Sentence 1711
This, it occurred to Oliver, must be French for going out; for directly afterwards, the Dodger, and Charley, and the two young ladies, went away together, having been kindly furnished by the amiable old Jew with money to spend. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: above
Sentence 212
At first, in these mentions, I was at the bottom of the personal-gossip column; next, I was listed above the knights, next above the baronets, next above the barons, and so on, and so on, climbing steadily, as my notoriety augmented, until I reached the highest altitude possible, and there I remained, taking precedence of all dukes not royal, and of all ecclesiastics except the primate of all England. 
Sentence 304
I was so bewitched with her that I couldn't count my hands if they went above a double sequence; and when I struck home I never discovered it, and started up the outside row again, and would have lost the game every time, only the girl did the same, she being in just my condition, you see; and consequently neither of us ever got out, or cared to wonder why we didn't; we only just knew we were happy, and didn't wish to know anything else, and didn't want to be interrupted. 
Sentence 412
His character is above reproach, and the mine is worth far more than he asks for it." 
Sentence 914
Bumble spoke, he raised his cane to the bill above him, and gave three distinct raps upon the words 'five pounds': which were printed thereon in Roman capitals of gigantic size. 
Sentence 986
that's the boy, is it?' said the undertaker: raising the candle above his head, to get a better view of Oliver. 
Sentence 1026
But his heart was heavy, notwithstanding; and he wished, as he crept into his narrow bed, that that were his coffin, and that he could be lain in a calm and lasting sleep in the churchyard ground, with the tall grass waving gently above his head, and the sound of the old deep bell to soothe him in his sleep. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: personal
Sentence 212
At first, in these mentions, I was at the bottom of the personal-gossip column; next, I was listed above the knights, next above the baronets, next above the barons, and so on, and so on, climbing steadily, as my notoriety augmented, until I reached the highest altitude possible, and there I remained, taking precedence of all dukes not royal, and of all ecclesiastics except the primate of all England. 
Sentence 1047
It is difficult for a large-headed, small-eyed youth, of lumbering make and heavy countenance, to look dignified under any circumstances; but it is more especially so, when superadded to these personal attractions are a red nose and yellow smalls. 
Sentence 1212
Sowerberry and Bumble, being personal friends of the clerk, sat by the fire with him, and read the paper. 
Sentence 1249
He got rather personal. 
Sentence 1323
Bumble himself, who happened to be hard by, but alarmed him so much that he rushed into the yard without his cocked hat,--which is a very curious and remarkable circumstance: as showing that even a beadle, acted upon a sudden and powerful impulse, may be afflicted with a momentary visitation of loss of self-possession, and forgetfulness of personal dignity. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: first
Sentence 50
The first thing I noticed, then, was the landlord. 
Sentence 131
Pretty soon I was feeling first-rate. 
Sentence 200
I took my dinners there, but for breakfast I stuck by Harris's humble feeding house, where I had got my first meal on my million-pound bill. 
Sentence 212
At first, in these mentions, I was at the bottom of the personal-gossip column; next, I was listed above the knights, next above the baronets, next above the barons, and so on, and so on, climbing steadily, as my notoriety augmented, until I reached the highest altitude possible, and there I remained, taking precedence of all dukes not royal, and of all ecclesiastics except the primate of all England. 
Sentence 237
Now my estimate of the salary was six hundred to a thousand a year; say, six hundred for the first year, and so on up year by year, till I struck the upper figure by proved merit. 
Sentence 238
At present I was only in debt for my first year's salary. 
Sentence 298
Here the religion of precedence is not so strenuous; the two persons of highest rank chuck up a shilling, the one that wins has first go at his strawberry, and the loser gets the shilling. 
Sentence 318
Then she began to get a little worried, and wondered if we were making any mistake, and starting the salary on a higher figure for the first year than I would get. 
Sentence 335
You may judge by this fact: privately I raised my salary to twelve hundred the first year on the spot. 
Sentence 504
As Oliver gave this first proof of the free and proper action of his lungs, the patchwork coverlet which was carelessly flung over the iron bedstead, rustled; the pale face of a young woman was raised feebly from the pillow; and a faint voice imperfectly articulated the words, 'Let me see the child, and die.' The surgeon had been sitting with his face turned towards the fire: giving the palms of his hands a warm and a rub alternately. 
Sentence 540
Everybody knows the story of another experimental philosopher who had a great theory about a horse being able to live without eating, and who demonstrated it so well, that he had got his own horse down to a straw a day, and would unquestionably have rendered him a very spirited and rampacious animal on nothing at all, if he had not died, four-and-twenty hours before he was to have had his first comfortable bait of air. 
Sentence 658
Wretched as were the little companions in misery he was leaving behind, they were the only friends he had ever known; and a sense of his loneliness in the great wide world, sank into the child's heart for the first time. 
Sentence 677
'Hush!' said the gentleman who had spoken first. 
Sentence 702
For the first six months after Oliver Twist was removed, the system was in full operation. 
Sentence 703
It was rather expensive at first, in consequence of the increase in the undertaker's bill, and the necessity of taking in the clothes of all the paupers, which fluttered loosely on their wasted, shrunken forms, after a week or two's gruel. 
Sentence 740
Gamfield having lingered behind, to give the donkey another blow on the head, and another wrench of the jaw, as a caution not to run away in his absence, followed the gentleman with the white waistcoat into the room where Oliver had first seen him. 
Sentence 904
The people who have been better off, and have paid rates for many years, are the first to sink when they come into the house; and let me tell you, Mr. 
Sentence 923
I put it on, I remember, for the first time, to attend the inquest on that reduced tradesman, who died in a doorway at midnight.' 'I recollect,' said the undertaker. 
Sentence 1048
Oliver, having taken down the shutters, and broken a pane of glass in his effort to stagger away beneath the weight of the first one to a small court at the side of the house in which they were kept during the day, was graciously assisted by Noah: who having consoled him with the assurance that 'he'd catch it,' condescended to help him. 
Sentence 1120
'Aha!' said the undertaker, glancing over it with a lively countenance; 'an order for a coffin, eh?' 'For a coffin first, and a porochial funeral afterwards,' replied Mr. 
Sentence 1140
Bumble put on his cocked hat wrong side first, in a fever of parochial excitement; and flounced out of the shop. 
Sentence 1157
There was neither knocker nor bell-handle at the open door where Oliver and his master stopped; so, groping his way cautiously through the dark passage, and bidding Oliver keep close to him and not be afraid the undertaker mounted to the top of the first flight of stairs. 
Sentence 1342
I felt a strange presentiment from the very first, that that audacious young savage would come to be hung!' 'He has likewise attempted, sir, to murder the female servant,' said Mr. 
Sentence 1435
With the first ray of light that struggled through the crevices in the shutters, Oliver arose, and again unbarred the door. 
Sentence 1441
Bumble, when he first carried him to the workhouse from the farm. 
Sentence 1467
God bless you!' The blessing was from a young child's lips, but it was the first that Oliver had ever heard invoked upon his head; and through the struggles and sufferings, and troubles and changes, of his after life, he never once forgot it. 
Sentence 1471
Then he sat down to rest by the side of the milestone, and began to think, for the first time, where he had better go and try to live. 
Sentence 1486
He felt frightened at first, for the wind moaned dismally over the empty fields: and he was cold and hungry, and more alone than he had ever felt before. 
Sentence 1488
He felt cold and stiff, when he got up next morning, and so hungry that he was obliged to exchange the penny for a small loaf, in the very first village through which he passed. 
Sentence 1509
He took little heed of this at first; but the boy remained in the same attitude of close observation so long, that Oliver raised his head, and returned his steady look. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: move
Sentence 14
But every time I made a move to get it some passing eye detected my purpose, and of course I straightened up then, and looked indifferent, and pretended that I hadn't been thinking about the pear at all. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: began
Sentence 35
They began to ask me questions about myself, and pretty soon they had my story. 
Sentence 64
As I approached the house my excitement began to abate, for all was quiet there, which made me feel pretty sure the blunder was not discovered yet. 
Sentence 128
My hopes began to rise high. 
Sentence 167
The proprietor took a look, gave a low, eloquent whistle, then made a dive for the pile of rejected clothing, and began to snatch it this way and that, talking all the time excitedly, and as if to himself: "Sell an eccentric millionaire such an unspeakable suit as that! 
Sentence 294
Everybody took a lady and processioned down to the dining-room, because it is usual to go through the motions; but there the dispute began. 
Sentence 318
Then she began to get a little worried, and wondered if we were making any mistake, and starting the salary on a higher figure for the first year than I would get. 
Sentence 792
At this tremendous sight, Oliver began to cry very piteously: thinking, not unnaturally, that the board must have determined to kill him for some useful purpose, or they never would have begun to fatten him up in that way. 
Sentence 1028
When he began to undo the chain, the legs desisted, and a voice began. 
Sentence 1035
'Then I'll whop yer when I get in,' said the voice; 'you just see if I don't, that's all, my work'us brat!' and having made this obliging promise, the voice began to whistle. 
Sentence 1471
Then he sat down to rest by the side of the milestone, and began to think, for the first time, where he had better go and try to live. 
Sentence 1504
By degrees, the shutters were opened; the window-blinds were drawn up; and people began passing to and fro. 
Sentence 1702
If the old gentlman felt a hand in any one of his pockets, he cried out where it was; and then the game began all over again. 

-----------------------------------------
You can use '$stop' to stop the Query !
Query :
请输入: 