The Holy Bible, Berean Study Bible, Copyright ©2016, 2020 by Bible Hub. All Rights Reserved Worldwide.	
Free Licensing for use in Websites, Apps, Software, and Audio:  http://berean.bible/licensing.htm	
Verse	Berean Study Bible
Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Genesis 1:2	Now the earth was formless and void, and darkness was over the surface of the deep. And the Spirit of God was hovering over the surface of the waters.
Genesis 1:3	And God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light.
Genesis 1:4	And God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness.
Genesis 1:5	God called the light “day,” and the darkness He called “night.” And there was evening, and there was morning—the first day.
Genesis 1:6	And God said, “Let there be an expanse between the waters, to separate the waters from the waters.”
Genesis 1:7	So God made the expanse and separated the waters beneath it from the waters above. And it was so.
Genesis 1:8	God called the expanse “sky.” And there was evening, and there was morning—the second day.
Genesis 1:9	And God said, “Let the waters under the sky be gathered into one place, so that the dry land may appear.” And it was so.
Genesis 1:10	God called the dry land “earth,” and the gathering of waters He called “seas.” And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:11	Then God said, “Let the earth bring forth vegetation: seed-bearing plants and fruit trees, each bearing fruit with seed according to its kind.” And it was so.
Genesis 1:12	The earth produced vegetation: seed-bearing plants according to their kinds and trees bearing fruit with seed according to their kinds. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:13	And there was evening, and there was morning—the third day.
Genesis 1:14	And God said, “Let there be lights in the expanse of the sky to distinguish between the day and the night, and let them be signs to mark the seasons and days and years.
Genesis 1:15	And let them serve as lights in the expanse of the sky to shine upon the earth.” And it was so.
Genesis 1:16	God made two great lights: the greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night. And He made the stars as well.
Genesis 1:17	God set these lights in the expanse of the sky to shine upon the earth,
Genesis 1:18	to preside over the day and the night, and to separate the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:19	And there was evening, and there was morning—the fourth day.
Genesis 1:20	And God said, “Let the waters teem with living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of the sky.”
Genesis 1:21	So God created the great sea creatures and every living thing that moves, with which the waters teemed according to their kinds, and every bird of flight after its kind. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:22	Then God blessed them and said, “Be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters of the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth.”
Genesis 1:23	And there was evening, and there was morning—the fifth day.
Genesis 1:24	And God said, “Let the earth bring forth living creatures according to their kinds: livestock, land crawlers, and beasts of the earth according to their kinds.” And it was so.
Genesis 1:25	God made the beasts of the earth according to their kinds, the livestock according to their kinds, and everything that crawls upon the earth according to its kind. And God saw that it was good.
Genesis 1:26	Then God said, “Let Us make man in Our image, after Our likeness, to rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air, over the livestock, and over all the earth itself and every creature that crawls upon it.”
Genesis 1:27	So God created man in His own image; in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them.
Genesis 1:28	God blessed them and said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth and subdue it; rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air and every creature that crawls upon the earth.”
Genesis 1:29	Then God said, “Behold, I have given you every seed-bearing plant on the face of all the earth, and every tree whose fruit contains seed. They will be yours for food.
Genesis 1:30	And to every beast of the earth and every bird of the air and every creature that crawls upon the earth—everything that has the breath of life in it—I have given every green plant for food.” And it was so.
Genesis 1:31	And God looked upon all that He had made, and indeed, it was very good. And there was evening, and there was morning—the sixth day.
Genesis 2:1	Thus the heavens and the earth were completed in all their vast array.
Genesis 2:2	And by the seventh day God had finished the work He had been doing; so on that day He rested from all His work.
Genesis 2:3	Then God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because on that day He rested from all the work of creation that He had accomplished.
Genesis 2:4	This is the account of the heavens and the earth when they were created, in the day that the LORD God made them.
Genesis 2:5	Now no shrub of the field had yet appeared on the earth, nor had any plant of the field sprouted; for the LORD God had not yet sent rain upon the earth, and there was no man to cultivate the ground.
Genesis 2:6	But springs welled up from the earth and watered the whole surface of the ground.
Genesis 2:7	Then the LORD God formed man from the dust of the ground and breathed the breath of life into his nostrils, and the man became a living being.
Genesis 2:8	And the LORD God planted a garden in Eden, in the east, where He placed the man He had formed.
Genesis 2:9	Out of the ground the LORD God gave growth to every tree that is pleasing to the eye and good for food. And in the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
Genesis 2:10	Now a river flowed out of Eden to water the garden, and from there it branched into four headwaters:
Genesis 2:11	The name of the first river is Pishon; it winds through the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold.
Genesis 2:12	And the gold of that land is pure, and bdellium and onyx are found there.
Genesis 2:13	The name of the second river is Gihon; it winds through the whole land of Cush.
Genesis 2:14	The name of the third river is Hiddekel; it runs along the east side of Assyria. And the fourth river is the Euphrates.
Genesis 2:15	Then the LORD God took the man and placed him in the Garden of Eden to cultivate and keep it.
Genesis 2:16	And the LORD God commanded him, “You may eat freely from every tree of the garden,
Genesis 2:17	but you must not eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil; for in the day that you eat of it, you will surely die.”
Genesis 2:18	The LORD God also said, “It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make for him a suitable helper.”
Genesis 2:19	And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field and every bird of the air, and He brought them to the man to see what he would name each one. And whatever the man called each living creature, that was its name.
Genesis 2:20	The man gave names to all the livestock, to the birds of the air, and to every beast of the field. But for Adam no suitable helper was found.
Genesis 2:21	So the LORD God caused the man to fall into a deep sleep, and while he slept, He took one of the man’s ribs and closed up the area with flesh.
Genesis 2:22	And from the rib that the LORD God had taken from the man, He made a woman and brought her to him.
Genesis 2:23	And the man said: “This is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called ‘woman,’ for out of man she was taken.”
Genesis 2:24	For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and they will become one flesh.
Genesis 2:25	And the man and his wife were both naked, and they were not ashamed.
Genesis 3:1	Now the serpent was more crafty than any beast of the field that the LORD God had made. And he said to the woman, “Did God really say, ‘You must not eat from any tree in the garden?’”
Genesis 3:2	The woman answered the serpent, “We may eat the fruit of the trees of the garden,
Genesis 3:3	but about the fruit of the tree in the middle of the garden, God has said, ‘You must not eat of it or touch it, or you will die.’”
Genesis 3:4	“You will not surely die,” the serpent told her.
Genesis 3:5	“For God knows that in the day you eat of it, your eyes will be opened and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.”
Genesis 3:6	When the woman saw that the tree was good for food and pleasing to the eyes, and that it was desirable for obtaining wisdom, she took the fruit and ate it. She also gave some to her husband who was with her, and he ate it.
Genesis 3:7	And the eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked; so they sewed together fig leaves and made coverings for themselves.
Genesis 3:8	Then the man and his wife heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the breeze of the day, and they hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God among the trees of the garden.
Genesis 3:9	But the LORD God called out to the man, “Where are you?”
Genesis 3:10	“I heard Your voice in the garden,” he replied, “and I was afraid because I was naked; so I hid myself.”
Genesis 3:11	“Who told you that you were naked?” asked the LORD God. “Have you eaten from the tree of which I commanded you not to eat?”
Genesis 3:12	And the man answered, “The woman whom You gave me, she gave me fruit from the tree, and I ate it.”
Genesis 3:13	Then the LORD God said to the woman, “What is this you have done?” “The serpent deceived me,” she replied, “and I ate.”
Genesis 3:14	So the LORD God said to the serpent: “Because you have done this, cursed are you above all livestock and every beast of the field! On your belly will you go, and dust you will eat, all the days of your life.
Genesis 3:15	And I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your seed and her seed. He will crush your head, and you will strike his heel.”
Genesis 3:16	To the woman He said: “I will sharply increase your pain in childbirth; in pain you will bring forth children. Your desire will be for your husband, and he will rule over you.”
Genesis 3:17	And to Adam He said: “Because you have listened to the voice of your wife and have eaten from the tree of which I commanded you not to eat, cursed is the ground because of you; through toil you will eat of it all the days of your life.
Genesis 3:18	Both thorns and thistles it will yield for you, and you will eat the plants of the field.
Genesis 3:19	By the sweat of your brow you will eat your bread, until you return to the ground—because out of it were you taken. For dust you are, and to dust you shall return.”
Genesis 3:20	And Adam named his wife Eve, because she would be the mother of all the living.
Genesis 3:21	And the LORD God made garments of skin for Adam and his wife, and He clothed them.
Genesis 3:22	Then the LORD God said, “Behold, the man has become like one of Us, knowing good and evil. And now, lest he reach out his hand and take also from the tree of life, and eat, and live forever...”
Genesis 3:23	Therefore the LORD God banished him from the Garden of Eden to work the ground from which he had been taken.
Genesis 3:24	So He drove out the man and stationed cherubim on the east side of the Garden of Eden, along with a whirling sword of flame to guard the way to the tree of life.
Genesis 4:1	And Adam had relations with his wife Eve, and she conceived and gave birth to Cain. “With the help of the LORD I have brought forth a man,” she said.
Genesis 4:2	Later she gave birth to Cain’s brother Abel. Now Abel was a keeper of sheep, while Cain was a tiller of the soil.
Genesis 4:3	So in the course of time, Cain brought some of the fruit of the soil as an offering to the LORD,
Genesis 4:4	while Abel brought the best portions of the firstborn of his flock. And the LORD looked with favor on Abel and his offering,
Genesis 4:5	but He had no regard for Cain and his offering. So Cain became very angry, and his countenance fell.
Genesis 4:6	“Why are you angry,” said the LORD to Cain, “and why has your countenance fallen?
Genesis 4:7	If you do what is right, will you not be accepted? But if you refuse to do what is right, sin is crouching at your door; it desires you, but you must master it.”
Genesis 4:8	Then Cain said to his brother Abel, “Let us go out to the field.” And while they were in the field, Cain rose up against his brother Abel and killed him.
Genesis 4:9	And the LORD said to Cain, “Where is your brother Abel?” “I do not know!” he answered. “Am I my brother’s keeper?”
Genesis 4:10	“What have you done?” replied the LORD. “The voice of your brother’s blood cries out to Me from the ground.
Genesis 4:11	Now you are cursed and banished from the ground, which has opened its mouth to receive your brother’s blood from your hand.
Genesis 4:12	When you till the ground, it will no longer yield its produce to you. You will be a fugitive and a wanderer on the earth.”
Genesis 4:13	But Cain said to the LORD, “My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Genesis 4:14	Behold, this day You have driven me from the face of the earth, and from Your face I will be hidden; I will be a fugitive and a wanderer on the earth, and whoever finds me will kill me.”
Genesis 4:15	“Not so!” replied the LORD. “If anyone slays Cain, then Cain will be avenged sevenfold.” And the LORD placed a mark on Cain, so that no one who found him would kill him.
Genesis 4:16	So Cain went out from the presence of the LORD and settled in the land of Nod, east of Eden.
Genesis 4:17	And Cain had relations with his wife, and she conceived and gave birth to Enoch. Then Cain built a city and named it after his son Enoch.
Genesis 4:18	Now to Enoch was born Irad, and Irad was the father of Mehujael, and Mehujael was the father of Methusael, and Methusael was the father of Lamech.
Genesis 4:19	And Lamech married two women, one named Adah and the other Zillah.
Genesis 4:20	Adah gave birth to Jabal; he was the father of those who dwell in tents and raise livestock.
Genesis 4:21	And his brother’s name was Jubal; he was the father of all who play the harp and flute.
Genesis 4:22	And Zillah gave birth to Tubal-cain, a forger of every implement of bronze and iron. And the sister of Tubal-cain was Naamah.
Genesis 4:23	Then Lamech said to his wives: “Adah and Zillah, hear my voice; wives of Lamech, listen to my speech. For I have slain a man for wounding me, a young man for striking me.
Genesis 4:24	If Cain is avenged sevenfold, then Lamech seventy-sevenfold.”
Genesis 4:25	And Adam again had relations with his wife, and she gave birth to a son and named him Seth, saying, “God has granted me another seed in place of Abel, since Cain killed him.”
Genesis 4:26	And to Seth also a son was born, and he called him Enosh. At that time men began to call upon the name of the LORD.
Genesis 5:1	This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, He made him in His own likeness.
Genesis 5:2	Male and female He created them, and He blessed them. And in the day they were created, He called them “man.”
Genesis 5:3	When Adam was 130 years old, he had a son in his own likeness, after his own image; and he named him Seth.
Genesis 5:4	And after he had become the father of Seth, Adam lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:5	So Adam lived a total of 930 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:6	When Seth was 105 years old, he became the father of Enosh.
Genesis 5:7	And after he had become the father of Enosh, Seth lived 807 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:8	So Seth lived a total of 912 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:9	When Enosh was 90 years old, he became the father of Kenan.
Genesis 5:10	And after he had become the father of Kenan, Enosh lived 815 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:11	So Enosh lived a total of 905 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:12	When Kenan was 70 years old, he became the father of Mahalalel.
Genesis 5:13	And after he had become the father of Mahalalel, Kenan lived 840 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:14	So Kenan lived a total of 910 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:15	When Mahalalel was 65 years old, he became the father of Jared.
Genesis 5:16	And after he had become the father of Jared, Mahalalel lived 830 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:17	So Mahalalel lived a total of 895 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:18	When Jared was 162 years old, he became the father of Enoch.
Genesis 5:19	And after he had become the father of Enoch, Jared lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:20	So Jared lived a total of 962 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:21	When Enoch was 65 years old, he became the father of Methuselah.
Genesis 5:22	And after he had become the father of Methuselah, Enoch walked with God 300 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:23	So Enoch lived a total of 365 years.
Genesis 5:24	Enoch walked with God, and then he was no more, because God had taken him away.
Genesis 5:25	When Methuselah was 187 years old, he became the father of Lamech.
Genesis 5:26	And after he had become the father of Lamech, Methuselah lived 782 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:27	So Methuselah lived a total of 969 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:28	When Lamech was 182 years old, he had a son.
Genesis 5:29	And he named him Noah, saying, “May this one comfort us in the labor and toil of our hands caused by the ground that the LORD has cursed.”
Genesis 5:30	And after he had become the father of Noah, Lamech lived 595 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 5:31	So Lamech lived a total of 777 years, and then he died.
Genesis 5:32	After Noah was 500 years old, he became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:1	Now when men began to multiply on the face of the earth and daughters were born to them,
Genesis 6:2	the sons of God saw that the daughters of men were beautiful, and they took as wives whomever they chose.
Genesis 6:3	So the LORD said, “My Spirit will not contend with man forever, for he is mortal; his days shall be 120 years.”
Genesis 6:4	The Nephilim were on the earth in those days—and afterward as well—when the sons of God had relations with the daughters of men. And they bore them children who became the mighty men of old, men of renown.
Genesis 6:5	Then the LORD saw that the wickedness of man was great upon the earth, and that every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was altogether evil all the time.
Genesis 6:6	And the LORD regretted that He had made man on the earth, and He was grieved in His heart.
Genesis 6:7	So the LORD said, “I will blot out man, whom I have created, from the face of the earth—every man and beast and crawling creature and bird of the air—for I am grieved that I have made them.”
Genesis 6:8	Noah, however, found favor in the eyes of the LORD.
Genesis 6:9	This is the account of Noah. Noah was a righteous man, blameless in his generation; Noah walked with God.
Genesis 6:10	And Noah had three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Genesis 6:11	Now the earth was corrupt in the sight of God, and full of violence.
Genesis 6:12	And God looked upon the earth and saw that it was corrupt; for all living creatures on the earth had corrupted their ways.
Genesis 6:13	Then God said to Noah, “The end of all living creatures has come before Me, because through them the earth is full of violence. Now behold, I will destroy both them and the earth.
Genesis 6:14	Make for yourself an ark of gopher wood; make rooms in the ark and coat it with pitch inside and out.
Genesis 6:15	And this is how you are to build it: The ark is to be 300 cubits long, 50 cubits wide, and 30 cubits high.
Genesis 6:16	You are to make a roof for the ark, finish its walls a cubit from the top, place a door in the side of the ark, and build lower, middle, and upper decks.
Genesis 6:17	And behold, I will bring floodwaters upon the earth to destroy every creature under the heavens that has the breath of life. Everything on the earth will perish.
Genesis 6:18	But I will establish My covenant with you, and you will enter the ark—you and your sons and your wife and your sons’ wives with you.
Genesis 6:19	And you are to bring two of every living creature into the ark—male and female—to keep them alive with you.
Genesis 6:20	Two of every kind of bird and animal and crawling creature will come to you to be kept alive.
Genesis 6:21	You are also to take for yourself every kind of food that is eaten and gather it as food for yourselves and for the animals.”
Genesis 6:22	So Noah did everything precisely as God had commanded him.
Genesis 7:1	Then the LORD said to Noah, “Go into the ark, you and all your family, because I have found you righteous in this generation.
Genesis 7:2	You are to take with you seven pairs of every kind of clean animal, a male and its mate; a pair of every kind of unclean animal, a male and its mate;
Genesis 7:3	and seven pairs of every kind of bird of the air, male and female, to preserve their offspring on the face of all the earth.
Genesis 7:4	For seven days from now I will send rain on the earth for forty days and forty nights, and I will wipe from the face of the earth every living thing I have made.”
Genesis 7:5	And Noah did all that the LORD had commanded him.
Genesis 7:6	Now Noah was 600 years old when the floodwaters came upon the earth.
Genesis 7:7	And Noah and his wife, with his sons and their wives, entered the ark to escape the waters of the flood.
Genesis 7:8	The clean and unclean animals, the birds, and everything that crawls along the ground
Genesis 7:9	came to Noah to enter the ark, two by two, male and female, as God had commanded Noah.
Genesis 7:10	And after seven days the floodwaters came upon the earth.
Genesis 7:11	In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, on the seventeenth day of the second month, all the fountains of the great deep burst forth, and the floodgates of the heavens were opened.
Genesis 7:12	And the rain fell upon the earth for forty days and forty nights.
Genesis 7:13	On that very day Noah entered the ark, along with his sons Shem, Ham, and Japheth, and his wife, and the three wives of his sons—
Genesis 7:14	they and every kind of wild animal, livestock, crawling creature, bird, and winged creature.
Genesis 7:15	They came to Noah to enter the ark, two by two of every creature with the breath of life.
Genesis 7:16	And they entered, the male and female of every living thing, as God had commanded Noah. Then the LORD shut him in.
Genesis 7:17	For forty days the flood kept coming on the earth, and the waters rose and lifted the ark high above the earth.
Genesis 7:18	So the waters continued to surge and rise greatly on the earth, and the ark floated on the surface of the waters.
Genesis 7:19	Finally, the waters completely inundated the earth, so that all the high mountains under all the heavens were covered.
Genesis 7:20	The waters rose and covered the mountaintops to a depth of fifteen cubits.
Genesis 7:21	And every living thing that moved upon the earth perished—birds, livestock, animals, every creature that swarms upon the earth, and all mankind.
Genesis 7:22	Of all that was on dry land, everything that had the breath of life in its nostrils died.
Genesis 7:23	And every living thing on the face of the earth was destroyed—man and livestock, crawling creatures and birds of the air; they were blotted out from the earth, and only Noah and those with him in the ark remained.
Genesis 7:24	And the waters prevailed upon the earth for 150 days.
Genesis 8:1	But God remembered Noah and all the animals and livestock that were with him in the ark. And God sent a wind over the earth, and the waters began to subside.
Genesis 8:2	The springs of the deep and the floodgates of the heavens were closed, and the rain from the sky was restrained.
Genesis 8:3	The waters receded steadily from the earth, and after 150 days the waters had gone down.
Genesis 8:4	On the seventeenth day of the seventh month, the ark came to rest on the mountains of Ararat.
Genesis 8:5	And the waters continued to recede until the tenth month, and on the first day of the tenth month the tops of the mountains became visible.
Genesis 8:6	After forty days Noah opened the window he had made in the ark
Genesis 8:7	and sent out a raven. It kept flying back and forth until the waters had dried up from the earth.
Genesis 8:8	Then Noah sent out a dove to see if the waters had receded from the surface of the ground.
Genesis 8:9	But the dove found no place to rest her foot, and she returned to him in the ark, because the waters were still covering the surface of all the earth. So he reached out his hand and brought her back inside the ark.
Genesis 8:10	Noah waited seven more days and again sent out the dove from the ark.
Genesis 8:11	And behold, the dove returned to him in the evening with a freshly plucked olive leaf in her beak. So Noah knew that the waters had receded from the earth.
Genesis 8:12	And Noah waited seven more days and sent out the dove again, but this time she did not return to him.
Genesis 8:13	In Noah’s six hundred and first year, on the first day of the first month, the waters had dried up from the earth. So Noah removed the covering from the ark and saw that the surface of the ground was dry.
Genesis 8:14	By the twenty-seventh day of the second month, the earth was fully dry.
Genesis 8:15	Then God said to Noah,
Genesis 8:16	“Come out of the ark, you and your wife, along with your sons and their wives.
Genesis 8:17	Bring out all the living creatures that are with you—birds, livestock, and everything that crawls upon the ground—so that they can spread out over the earth and be fruitful and multiply upon it.”
Genesis 8:18	So Noah came out, along with his sons and his wife and his sons’ wives.
Genesis 8:19	Every living creature, every creeping thing, and every bird—everything that moves upon the earth—came out of the ark, kind by kind.
Genesis 8:20	Then Noah built an altar to the LORD. And taking from every kind of clean animal and clean bird, he offered burnt offerings on the altar.
Genesis 8:21	When the LORD smelled the pleasing aroma, He said in His heart, “Never again will I curse the ground because of man, even though every inclination of his heart is evil from his youth. And never again will I destroy all living creatures as I have done.
Genesis 8:22	As long as the earth endures, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night shall never cease.”
Genesis 9:1	And God blessed Noah and his sons and said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth.
Genesis 9:2	The fear and dread of you will fall on every living creature on the earth, every bird of the air, every creature that crawls on the ground, and all the fish of the sea. They are delivered into your hand.
Genesis 9:3	Everything that lives and moves will be food for you; just as I gave you the green plants, I now give you all things.
Genesis 9:4	But you must not eat meat with its lifeblood still in it.
Genesis 9:5	And surely I will require the life of any man or beast by whose hand your lifeblood is shed. I will demand an accounting from anyone who takes the life of his fellow man:
Genesis 9:6	Whoever sheds the blood of man, by man his blood will be shed; for in His own image God has made mankind.
Genesis 9:7	But as for you, be fruitful and multiply; spread out across the earth and multiply upon it.”
Genesis 9:8	Then God said to Noah and his sons with him,
Genesis 9:9	“Behold, I now establish My covenant with you and your descendants after you,
Genesis 9:10	and with every living creature that was with you—the birds, the livestock, and every beast of the earth—every living thing that came out of the ark.
Genesis 9:11	And I establish My covenant with you: Never again will all life be cut off by the waters of a flood; never again will there be a flood to destroy the earth.”
Genesis 9:12	And God said, “This is the sign of the covenant I am making between Me and you and every living creature with you, a covenant for all generations to come:
Genesis 9:13	I have set My rainbow in the clouds, and it will be a sign of the covenant between Me and the earth.
Genesis 9:14	Whenever I form clouds over the earth and the rainbow appears in the clouds,
Genesis 9:15	I will remember My covenant between Me and you and every living creature of every kind. Never again will the waters become a flood to destroy all life.
Genesis 9:16	And whenever the rainbow appears in the clouds, I will see it and remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of every kind that is on the earth.”
Genesis 9:17	So God said to Noah, “This is the sign of the covenant that I have established between Me and every creature on the earth.”
Genesis 9:18	The sons of Noah who came out of the ark were Shem, Ham, and Japheth. And Ham was the father of Canaan.
Genesis 9:19	These three were the sons of Noah, and from them the whole earth was populated.
Genesis 9:20	Now Noah, a man of the soil, proceeded to plant a vineyard.
Genesis 9:21	But when he drank some of its wine, he became drunk and uncovered himself inside his tent.
Genesis 9:22	And Ham, the father of Canaan, saw his father’s nakedness and told his two brothers outside.
Genesis 9:23	Then Shem and Japheth took a garment and placed it across their shoulders, and walking backward, they covered their father’s nakedness. Their faces were turned away so that they did not see their father’s nakedness.
Genesis 9:24	When Noah awoke from his drunkenness and learned what his youngest son had done to him,
Genesis 9:25	he said, “Cursed be Canaan! A servant of servants shall he be to his brothers.”
Genesis 9:26	He also declared: “Blessed be the LORD, the God of Shem! May Canaan be the servant of Shem.
Genesis 9:27	May God expand the territory of Japheth; may he dwell in the tents of Shem, and may Canaan be his servant.”
Genesis 9:28	After the flood, Noah lived 350 years.
Genesis 9:29	So Noah lived a total of 950 years, and then he died.
Genesis 10:1	This is the account of Noah’s sons Shem, Ham, and Japheth, who also had sons after the flood.
Genesis 10:2	The sons of Japheth: Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras.
Genesis 10:3	The sons of Gomer: Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah.
Genesis 10:4	And the sons of Javan: Elishah, Tarshish, the Kittites, and the Rodanites.
Genesis 10:5	From these, the maritime peoples separated into their territories, according to their languages, by clans within their nations.
Genesis 10:6	The sons of Ham: Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
Genesis 10:7	The sons of Cush: Seba, Havilah, Sabtah, Raamah, and Sabteca. And the sons of Raamah: Sheba and Dedan.
Genesis 10:8	Cush was the father of Nimrod, who began to be a mighty one on the earth.
Genesis 10:9	He was a mighty hunter before the LORD; so it is said, “Like Nimrod, a mighty hunter before the LORD.”
Genesis 10:10	His kingdom began in Babylon, Erech, Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar.
Genesis 10:11	From that land he went forth into Assyria, where he built Nineveh, Rehoboth-Ir, Calah,
Genesis 10:12	and Resen, which is between Nineveh and the great city of Calah.
Genesis 10:13	Mizraim was the father of the Ludites, the Anamites, the Lehabites, the Naphtuhites,
Genesis 10:14	the Pathrusites, the Casluhites (from whom the Philistines came), and the Caphtorites.
Genesis 10:15	And Canaan was the father of Sidon his firstborn, and of the Hittites,
Genesis 10:16	the Jebusites, the Amorites, the Girgashites,
Genesis 10:17	the Hivites, the Arkites, the Sinites,
Genesis 10:18	the Arvadites, the Zemarites, and the Hamathites. Later the Canaanite clans were scattered,
Genesis 10:19	and the borders of Canaan extended from Sidon toward Gerar as far as Gaza, and then toward Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboiim, as far as Lasha.
Genesis 10:20	These are the sons of Ham according to their clans, languages, lands, and nations.
Genesis 10:21	And sons were also born to Shem, the older brother of Japheth; Shem was the forefather of all the sons of Eber.
Genesis 10:22	The sons of Shem: Elam, Asshur, Arphaxad, Lud, and Aram.
Genesis 10:23	The sons of Aram: Uz, Hul, Gether, and Mash.
Genesis 10:24	Arphaxad was the father of Shelah, and Shelah was the father of Eber.
Genesis 10:25	Two sons were born to Eber: One was named Peleg, because in his days the earth was divided, and his brother was named Joktan.
Genesis 10:26	And Joktan was the father of Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, Jerah,
Genesis 10:27	Hadoram, Uzal, Diklah,
Genesis 10:28	Obal, Abimael, Sheba,
Genesis 10:29	Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab. All these were sons of Joktan.
Genesis 10:30	Their territory extended from Mesha to Sephar, in the eastern hill country.
Genesis 10:31	These are the sons of Shem, according to their clans, languages, lands, and nations.
Genesis 10:32	All these are the clans of Noah’s sons, according to their generations and nations. From these the nations of the earth spread out after the flood.
Genesis 11:1	Now the whole world had one language and a common form of speech.
Genesis 11:2	And as people journeyed eastward, they found a plain in the land of Shinar and settled there.
Genesis 11:3	And they said to one another, “Come, let us make bricks and bake them thoroughly.” So they used brick instead of stone, and tar instead of mortar.
Genesis 11:4	“Come,” they said, “let us build for ourselves a city with a tower that reaches to the heavens, that we may make a name for ourselves and not be scattered over the face of all the earth.”
Genesis 11:5	Then the LORD came down to see the city and the tower that the sons of men were building.
Genesis 11:6	And the LORD said, “If they have begun to do this as one people speaking the same language, then nothing they devise will be beyond them.
Genesis 11:7	Come, let Us go down and confuse their language, so that they will not understand one another’s speech.”
Genesis 11:8	So the LORD scattered them from there over the face of all the earth, and they stopped building the city.
Genesis 11:9	That is why it is called Babel, for there the LORD confused the language of the whole world, and from that place the LORD scattered them over the face of all the earth.
Genesis 11:10	This is the account of Shem. Two years after the flood, when Shem was 100 years old, he became the father of Arphaxad.
Genesis 11:11	And after he had become the father of Arphaxad, Shem lived 500 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:12	When Arphaxad was 35 years old, he became the father of Shelah.
Genesis 11:13	And after he had become the father of Shelah, Arphaxad lived 403 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:14	When Shelah was 30 years old, he became the father of Eber.
Genesis 11:15	And after he had become the father of Eber, Shelah lived 403 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:16	When Eber was 34 years old, he became the father of Peleg.
Genesis 11:17	And after he had become the father of Peleg, Eber lived 430 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:18	When Peleg was 30 years old, he became the father of Reu.
Genesis 11:19	And after he had become the father of Reu, Peleg lived 209 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:20	When Reu was 32 years old, he became the father of Serug.
Genesis 11:21	And after he had become the father of Serug, Reu lived 207 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:22	When Serug was 30 years old, he became the father of Nahor.
Genesis 11:23	And after he had become the father of Nahor, Serug lived 200 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:24	When Nahor was 29 years old, he became the father of Terah.
Genesis 11:25	And after he had become the father of Terah, Nahor lived 119 years and had other sons and daughters.
Genesis 11:26	When Terah was 70 years old, he became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Genesis 11:27	This is the account of Terah. Terah became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran. And Haran became the father of Lot.
Genesis 11:28	During his father Terah’s lifetime, Haran died in his native land, in Ur of the Chaldeans.
Genesis 11:29	And Abram and Nahor took wives for themselves. Abram’s wife was named Sarai, and Nahor’s wife was named Milcah; she was the daughter of Haran, who was the father of both Milcah and Iscah.
Genesis 11:30	But Sarai was barren; she had no children.
Genesis 11:31	And Terah took his son Abram, his grandson Lot son of Haran, and his daughter-in-law Sarai the wife of Abram, and they set out from Ur of the Chaldeans for the land of Canaan. But when they arrived in Haran, they settled there.
Genesis 11:32	Terah lived 205 years, and he died in Haran.
Genesis 12:1	Then the LORD said to Abram, “Leave your country, your kindred, and your father’s household, and go to the land I will show you.
Genesis 12:2	I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you; I will make your name great, so that you will be a blessing.
Genesis 12:3	I will bless those who bless you and curse those who curse you; and all the families of the earth will be blessed through you.”
Genesis 12:4	So Abram departed, as the LORD had directed him, and Lot went with him. Abram was seventy-five years old when he left Haran.
Genesis 12:5	And Abram took his wife Sarai, his nephew Lot, and all the possessions and people they had acquired in Haran, and set out for the land of Canaan. When they came to the land of Canaan,
Genesis 12:6	Abram traveled through the land as far as the site of the Oak of Moreh at Shechem. And at that time the Canaanites were in the land.
Genesis 12:7	Then the LORD appeared to Abram and said, “I will give this land to your offspring.” So Abram built an altar there to the LORD, who had appeared to him.
Genesis 12:8	From there Abram moved on to the hill country east of Bethel and pitched his tent, with Bethel to the west and Ai to the east. There he built an altar to the LORD, and he called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 12:9	And Abram journeyed on toward the Negev.
Genesis 12:10	Now there was a famine in the land. So Abram went down to Egypt to live there for a while because the famine was severe.
Genesis 12:11	As he was about to enter Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, “Look, I know that you are a beautiful woman,
Genesis 12:12	and when the Egyptians see you, they will say, ‘This is his wife.’ Then they will kill me but will let you live.
Genesis 12:13	Please say you are my sister, so that I will be treated well for your sake, and on account of you my life will be spared.”
Genesis 12:14	So when Abram entered Egypt, the Egyptians saw that the woman was very beautiful.
Genesis 12:15	When Pharaoh’s officials saw Sarai, they commended her to him, and she was taken into the palace of Pharaoh.
Genesis 12:16	He treated Abram well on her account, and Abram acquired sheep and cattle, male and female donkeys, menservants and maidservants, and camels.
Genesis 12:17	The LORD, however, afflicted Pharaoh and his household with severe plagues because of Abram’s wife Sarai.
Genesis 12:18	So Pharaoh summoned Abram and asked, “What have you done to me? Why didn’t you tell me she was your wife?
Genesis 12:19	Why did you say, ‘She is my sister,’ so that I took her as my wife? Now then, here is your wife. Take her and go!”
Genesis 12:20	Then Pharaoh gave his men orders concerning Abram, and they sent him away with his wife and all his possessions.
Genesis 13:1	So Abram went up out of Egypt into the Negev—he and his wife and all his possessions—and Lot was with him.
Genesis 13:2	And Abram had become extremely wealthy in livestock and silver and gold.
Genesis 13:3	From the Negev he journeyed from place to place toward Bethel, until he came to the place between Bethel and Ai where his tent had formerly been pitched,
Genesis 13:4	to the site where he had built the altar. And there Abram called on the name of the LORD.
Genesis 13:5	Now Lot, who was traveling with Abram, also had flocks and herds and tents.
Genesis 13:6	But the land was unable to support both of them while they stayed together, for they had so many possessions that they were unable to coexist.
Genesis 13:7	And there was discord between the herdsmen of Abram and the herdsmen of Lot. At that time the Canaanites and the Perizzites were also living in the land.
Genesis 13:8	So Abram said to Lot, “Please let there be no contention between you and me, or between your herdsmen and my herdsmen. After all, we are brothers.
Genesis 13:9	Is not the whole land before you? Now separate yourself from me. If you go to the left, I will go to the right; if you go to the right, I will go to the left.”
Genesis 13:10	And Lot looked out and saw that the whole plain of the Jordan, all the way to Zoar, was well watered like the garden of the LORD, like the land of Egypt. (This was before the LORD destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah.)
Genesis 13:11	So Lot chose the whole plain of the Jordan for himself and set out toward the east. And Abram and Lot parted company.
Genesis 13:12	Abram lived in the land of Canaan, but Lot settled in the cities of the plain and pitched his tent toward Sodom.
Genesis 13:13	But the men of Sodom were wicked, sinning greatly against the LORD.
Genesis 13:14	After Lot had departed, the LORD said to Abram, “Now lift up your eyes from the place where you are, and look to the north and south and east and west,
Genesis 13:15	for all the land that you see, I will give to you and your offspring forever.
Genesis 13:16	I will make your offspring like the dust of the earth, so that if one could count the dust of the earth, then your offspring could be counted.
Genesis 13:17	Get up and walk around the land, through its length and breadth, for I will give it to you.”
Genesis 13:18	So Abram moved his tent and went to live near the Oaks of Mamre at Hebron, where he built an altar to the LORD.
Genesis 14:1	In those days Amraphel king of Shinar, Arioch king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of Goiim
Genesis 14:2	went to war against Bera king of Sodom, Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king of Admah, Shemeber king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (that is, Zoar).
Genesis 14:3	The latter five came as allies to the Valley of Siddim (that is, the Salt Sea).
Genesis 14:4	For twelve years they had been subject to Chedorlaomer, but in the thirteenth year they rebelled.
Genesis 14:5	In the fourteenth year, Chedorlaomer and the kings allied with him went out and defeated the Rephaites in Ashteroth-karnaim, the Zuzites in Ham, the Emites in Shaveh-kiriathaim,
Genesis 14:6	and the Horites in the area of Mount Seir, as far as El-paran, which is near the desert.
Genesis 14:7	Then they turned back to invade En-mishpat (that is, Kadesh), and they conquered the whole territory of the Amalekites, as well as the Amorites who lived in Hazazon-tamar.
Genesis 14:8	Then the king of Sodom, the king of Gomorrah, the king of Admah, the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (that is, Zoar) marched out and arrayed themselves for battle in the Valley of Siddim
Genesis 14:9	against Chedorlaomer king of Elam, Tidal king of Goiim, Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar—four kings against five.
Genesis 14:10	Now the Valley of Siddim was full of tar pits, and as the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, some men fell into the pits, but the survivors fled to the hill country.
Genesis 14:11	The four kings seized all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah and all their food, and they went on their way.
Genesis 14:12	They also carried off Abram’s nephew Lot and his possessions, since Lot was living in Sodom.
Genesis 14:13	Then an escapee came and reported this to Abram the Hebrew. Now Abram was living near the Oaks of Mamre the Amorite, a brother of Eshcol and Aner, all of whom were bound by treaty to Abram.
Genesis 14:14	And when Abram heard that his relative had been captured, he mobilized the 318 trained men born in his household, and they set out in pursuit as far as Dan.
Genesis 14:15	During the night, Abram divided his forces and routed Chedorlaomer’s army, pursuing them as far as Hobah, north of Damascus.
Genesis 14:16	He retrieved all the goods, as well as his relative Lot and his possessions, together with the women and the rest of the people.
Genesis 14:17	After Abram returned from defeating Chedorlaomer and the kings allied with him, the king of Sodom went out to meet him in the Valley of Shaveh (that is, the King’s Valley).
Genesis 14:18	Then Melchizedek king of Salem brought out bread and wine—since he was priest of God Most High—
Genesis 14:19	and he blessed Abram and said: “Blessed be Abram by God Most High, Creator of heaven and earth,
Genesis 14:20	and blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand.” Then Abram gave Melchizedek a tenth of everything.
Genesis 14:21	The king of Sodom said to Abram, “Give me the people, but take the goods for yourself.”
Genesis 14:22	But Abram replied to the king of Sodom, “I have raised my hand to the LORD God Most High, Creator of heaven and earth,
Genesis 14:23	that I will not accept even a thread, or a strap of a sandal, or anything that belongs to you, lest you should say, ‘I have made Abram rich.’
Genesis 14:24	I will accept nothing but what my men have eaten and the share for the men who went with me—Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre. They may take their portion.”
Genesis 15:1	After these events, the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision: “Do not be afraid, Abram. I am your shield, your very great reward.”
Genesis 15:2	But Abram replied, “O Lord GOD, what can You give me, since I remain childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?”
Genesis 15:3	Abram continued, “Behold, You have given me no offspring, so a servant in my household will be my heir.”
Genesis 15:4	Then the word of the LORD came to Abram, saying, “This one will not be your heir, but one who comes from your own body will be your heir.”
Genesis 15:5	And the LORD took him outside and said, “Now look to the heavens and count the stars, if you are able.” Then He told him, “So shall your offspring be.”
Genesis 15:6	Abram believed the LORD, and it was credited to him as righteousness.
Genesis 15:7	The LORD also told him, “I am the LORD, who brought you out of Ur of the Chaldeans to give you this land to possess.”
Genesis 15:8	But Abram replied, “Lord GOD, how can I know that I will possess it?”
Genesis 15:9	And the LORD said to him, “Bring Me a heifer, a goat, and a ram, each three years old, along with a turtledove and a young pigeon.”
Genesis 15:10	So Abram brought all these to Him, split each of them down the middle, and laid the halves opposite each other. The birds, however, he did not cut in half.
Genesis 15:11	And the birds of prey descended on the carcasses, but Abram drove them away.
Genesis 15:12	As the sun was setting, Abram fell into a deep sleep, and suddenly great terror and darkness overwhelmed him.
Genesis 15:13	Then the LORD said to Abram, “Know for certain that your descendants will be strangers in a land that is not their own, and they will be enslaved and mistreated four hundred years.
Genesis 15:14	But I will judge the nation they serve as slaves, and afterward they will depart with many possessions.
Genesis 15:15	You, however, will go to your fathers in peace and be buried at a ripe old age.
Genesis 15:16	In the fourth generation your descendants will return here, for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet complete.”
Genesis 15:17	When the sun had set and darkness had fallen, behold, a smoking firepot and a flaming torch appeared and passed between the halves of the carcasses.
Genesis 15:18	On that day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, “To your descendants I have given this land—from the river of Egypt to the great River Euphrates—
Genesis 15:19	the land of the Kenites, Kenizzites, Kadmonites,
Genesis 15:20	Hittites, Perizzites, Rephaites,
Genesis 15:21	Amorites, Canaanites, Girgashites, and Jebusites.”
Genesis 16:1	Now Abram’s wife Sarai had borne him no children, but she had an Egyptian maidservant named Hagar.
Genesis 16:2	So Sarai said to Abram, “Look now, the LORD has prevented me from bearing children. Please go to my maidservant; perhaps I can build a family by her.” And Abram listened to the voice of Sarai.
Genesis 16:3	So after he had lived in Canaan for ten years, his wife Sarai took her Egyptian maidservant Hagar and gave her to Abram to be his wife.
Genesis 16:4	And he slept with Hagar, and she conceived. But when Hagar realized that she was pregnant, she began to despise her mistress.
Genesis 16:5	Then Sarai said to Abram, “May the wrong done to me be upon you! I delivered my servant into your arms, and ever since she saw that she was pregnant, she has treated me with contempt. May the LORD judge between you and me.”
Genesis 16:6	“Here,” said Abram, “your servant is in your hands. Do whatever you want with her.” Then Sarai treated Hagar so harshly that she fled from her.
Genesis 16:7	Now the angel of the LORD found Hagar by a spring of water in the desert—the spring along the road to Shur.
Genesis 16:8	“Hagar, servant of Sarai,” he said, “where have you come from, and where are you going?” “I am running away from my mistress Sarai,” she replied.
Genesis 16:9	So the angel of the LORD told her, “Return to your mistress and submit to her authority.”
Genesis 16:10	Then the angel added, “I will greatly multiply your offspring so that they will be too numerous to count.”
Genesis 16:11	The angel of the LORD proceeded: “Behold, you have conceived and will bear a son. And you shall name him Ishmael, for the LORD has heard your cry of affliction.
Genesis 16:12	He will be a wild donkey of a man, and his hand will be against everyone, and everyone’s hand against him; he will live in hostility toward all his brothers.”
Genesis 16:13	So Hagar gave this name to the LORD who had spoken to her: “You are the God who sees me,” for she said, “Here I have seen the One who sees me!”
Genesis 16:14	Therefore the well was called Beer-lahai-roi. It is located between Kadesh and Bered.
Genesis 16:15	And Hagar bore Abram a son, and Abram gave the name Ishmael to the son she had borne.
Genesis 16:16	Abram was eighty-six years old when Hagar bore Ishmael to him.
Genesis 17:1	When Abram was ninety-nine years old, the LORD appeared to him and said, “I am God Almighty. Walk before Me and be blameless.
Genesis 17:2	I will establish My covenant between Me and you, and I will multiply you exceedingly.”
Genesis 17:3	Then Abram fell facedown, and God said to him,
Genesis 17:4	“As for Me, this is My covenant with you: You will be the father of many nations.
Genesis 17:5	No longer will you be called Abram, but your name will be Abraham, for I have made you a father of many nations.
Genesis 17:6	I will make you exceedingly fruitful; I will make nations of you, and kings will descend from you.
Genesis 17:7	I will establish My covenant as an everlasting covenant between Me and you and your descendants after you, to be your God and the God of your descendants after you.
Genesis 17:8	And to you and your descendants I will give the land where you are residing—all the land of Canaan—as an eternal possession; and I will be their God.”
Genesis 17:9	God also said to Abraham, “You must keep My covenant—you and your descendants in the generations after you.
Genesis 17:10	This is My covenant with you and your descendants after you, which you are to keep: Every male among you must be circumcised.
Genesis 17:11	You are to circumcise the flesh of your foreskin, and this will be a sign of the covenant between Me and you.
Genesis 17:12	Generation after generation, every male must be circumcised when he is eight days old, including those born in your household and those purchased from a foreigner—even those who are not your offspring.
Genesis 17:13	Whether they are born in your household or purchased, they must be circumcised. My covenant in your flesh will be an everlasting covenant.
Genesis 17:14	But if any male is not circumcised, he will be cut off from his people; he has broken My covenant.”
Genesis 17:15	Then God said to Abraham, “As for Sarai your wife, do not call her Sarai, for her name is to be Sarah.
Genesis 17:16	And I will bless her and will surely give you a son by her. I will bless her, and she will be the mother of nations; kings of peoples will descend from her.”
Genesis 17:17	Abraham fell facedown. Then he laughed and said to himself, “Can a child be born to a man who is a hundred years old? Can Sarah give birth at the age of ninety?”
Genesis 17:18	And Abraham said to God, “O that Ishmael might live under Your blessing!”
Genesis 17:19	But God replied, “Your wife Sarah will indeed bear you a son, and you are to name him Isaac. I will establish My covenant with him as an everlasting covenant for his descendants after him.
Genesis 17:20	As for Ishmael, I have heard you, and I will surely bless him; I will make him fruitful and multiply him greatly. He will become the father of twelve rulers, and I will make him into a great nation.
Genesis 17:21	But I will establish My covenant with Isaac, whom Sarah will bear to you at this time next year.”
Genesis 17:22	When He had finished speaking with Abraham, God went up from him.
Genesis 17:23	On that very day Abraham took his son Ishmael and all those born in his household or purchased with his money—every male among the members of Abraham’s household—and he circumcised them, just as God had told him.
Genesis 17:24	So Abraham was ninety-nine years old when he was circumcised,
Genesis 17:25	and his son Ishmael was thirteen;
Genesis 17:26	Abraham and his son Ishmael were circumcised on the same day.
Genesis 17:27	And all the men of Abraham’s household—both servants born in his household and those purchased from foreigners—were circumcised with him.
Genesis 18:1	Then the LORD appeared to Abraham by the Oaks of Mamre in the heat of the day, while he was sitting at the entrance of his tent.
Genesis 18:2	And Abraham looked up and saw three men standing nearby. When he saw them, he ran from the entrance of his tent to meet them and bowed low to the ground.
Genesis 18:3	“My lord,” said Abraham, “if I have found favor in your sight, please do not pass your servant by.
Genesis 18:4	Let a little water be brought, that you may wash your feet and rest yourselves under the tree.
Genesis 18:5	And I will bring a bit of bread so that you may refresh yourselves. This is why you have passed your servant’s way. After that, you may continue on your way.” “Yes,” they replied, “you may do as you have said.”
Genesis 18:6	So Abraham hurried into the tent and said to Sarah, “Quick! Prepare three seahs of fine flour, knead it, and bake some bread.”
Genesis 18:7	Meanwhile, Abraham ran to the herd, selected a tender and choice calf, and gave it to a servant, who hurried to prepare it.
Genesis 18:8	Then Abraham brought curds and milk and the calf that had been prepared, and he set them before the men and stood by them under the tree as they ate.
Genesis 18:9	“Where is your wife Sarah?” they asked. “There, in the tent,” he replied.
Genesis 18:10	Then the LORD said, “I will surely return to you at this time next year, and your wife Sarah will have a son!” Now Sarah was behind him, listening at the entrance to the tent.
Genesis 18:11	And Abraham and Sarah were already old and well along in years; Sarah had passed the age of childbearing.
Genesis 18:12	So she laughed to herself, saying, “After I am worn out and my master is old, will I now have this pleasure?”
Genesis 18:13	And the LORD asked Abraham, “Why did Sarah laugh and say, ‘Can I really bear a child when I am old?’
Genesis 18:14	Is anything too difficult for the LORD? At the appointed time I will return to you—in about a year—and Sarah will have a son.”
Genesis 18:15	But Sarah was afraid, so she denied it and said, “I did not laugh.” “No,” replied the LORD, “but you did laugh.”
Genesis 18:16	When the men got up to leave, they looked out over Sodom, and Abraham walked along with them to see them off.
Genesis 18:17	And the LORD said, “Shall I hide from Abraham what I am about to do?
Genesis 18:18	Abraham will surely become a great and powerful nation, and through him all the nations of the earth will be blessed.
Genesis 18:19	For I have chosen him, so that he will command his children and his household after him to keep the way of the LORD by doing what is right and just, in order that the LORD may bring upon Abraham what He has promised.”
Genesis 18:20	Then the LORD said, “The outcry against Sodom and Gomorrah is great. Because their sin is so grievous,
Genesis 18:21	I will go down to see if their actions fully justify the outcry that has reached Me. If not, I will find out.”
Genesis 18:22	And the two men turned away and went toward Sodom, but Abraham remained standing before the LORD.
Genesis 18:23	Abraham stepped forward and said, “Will You really sweep away the righteous with the wicked?
Genesis 18:24	What if there are fifty righteous ones in the city? Will You really sweep it away and not spare the place for the sake of the fifty righteous ones who are there?
Genesis 18:25	Far be it from You to do such a thing—to kill the righteous with the wicked, so that the righteous and the wicked are treated alike. Far be it from You! Will not the Judge of all the earth do what is right?”
Genesis 18:26	So the LORD replied, “If I find fifty righteous ones within the city of Sodom, on their account I will spare the whole place.”
Genesis 18:27	Then Abraham answered, “Now that I have ventured to speak to the Lord—though I am but dust and ashes—
Genesis 18:28	suppose the fifty righteous ones lack five. Will You destroy the whole city for the lack of five?” He replied, “If I find forty-five there, I will not destroy it.”
Genesis 18:29	Once again Abraham spoke to the LORD, “Suppose forty are found there?” He answered, “On account of the forty, I will not do it.”
Genesis 18:30	Then Abraham said, “May the Lord not be angry, but let me speak further. Suppose thirty are found there?” He replied, “If I find thirty there, I will not do it.”
Genesis 18:31	And Abraham said, “Now that I have ventured to speak to the Lord, suppose twenty are found there?” He answered, “On account of the twenty, I will not destroy it.”
Genesis 18:32	Finally, Abraham said, “May the Lord not be angry, but let me speak once more. Suppose ten are found there?” And He answered, “On account of the ten, I will not destroy it.”
Genesis 18:33	When the LORD had finished speaking with Abraham, He departed, and Abraham returned home.
Genesis 19:1	Now the two angels arrived at Sodom in the evening, and Lot was sitting in the gateway of the city. When Lot saw them, he got up to meet them, bowed facedown,
Genesis 19:2	and said, “My lords, please turn aside into the house of your servant; wash your feet and spend the night. Then you can rise early and go on your way.” “No,” they answered, “we will spend the night in the square.”
Genesis 19:3	But Lot insisted so strongly that they followed him into his house. He prepared a feast for them and baked unleavened bread, and they ate.
Genesis 19:4	Before they had gone to bed, all the men of the city of Sodom, both young and old, surrounded the house.
Genesis 19:5	They called out to Lot, saying, “Where are the men who came to you tonight? Send them out to us so we can have relations with them!”
Genesis 19:6	Lot went outside to meet them, shutting the door behind him.
Genesis 19:7	“Please, my brothers,” he pleaded, “don’t do such a wicked thing!
Genesis 19:8	Look, I have two daughters who have never slept with a man. Let me bring them to you, and you can do to them as you please. But do not do anything to these men, for they have come under the protection of my roof.”
Genesis 19:9	“Get out of the way!” they replied. And they declared, “This one came here as a foreigner, and he is already acting like a judge! Now we will treat you worse than them.” And they pressed in on Lot and moved in to break down the door.
Genesis 19:10	But the men inside reached out, pulled Lot into the house with them, and shut the door.
Genesis 19:11	And they struck the men at the entrance, young and old, with blindness, so that they wearied themselves trying to find the door.
Genesis 19:12	Then the two men said to Lot, “Do you have anyone else here—a son-in-law, your sons or daughters, or anyone else in the city who belongs to you? Get them out of here,
Genesis 19:13	because we are about to destroy this place. For the outcry to the LORD against its people is so great that He has sent us to destroy it.”
Genesis 19:14	So Lot went out and spoke to the sons-in-law who were pledged in marriage to his daughters. “Get up,” he said. “Get out of this place, for the LORD is about to destroy the city!” But his sons-in-law thought he was joking.
Genesis 19:15	At daybreak the angels hurried Lot along, saying, “Get up! Take your wife and your two daughters who are here, or you will be swept away in the punishment of the city.”
Genesis 19:16	But when Lot hesitated, the men grabbed his hand and the hands of his wife and his two daughters. And they led them safely out of the city, because of the LORD’s compassion for them.
Genesis 19:17	As soon as the men had brought them out, one of them said, “Run for your lives! Do not look back, and do not stop anywhere on the plain! Flee to the mountains, or you will be swept away!”
Genesis 19:18	But Lot replied, “No, my lords, please!
Genesis 19:19	Your servant has indeed found favor in your sight, and you have shown me great kindness by sparing my life. But I cannot run to the mountains; the disaster will overtake me, and I will die.
Genesis 19:20	Look, there is a town nearby where I can flee, and it is a small place. Please let me flee there—is it not a small place? Then my life will be saved.”
Genesis 19:21	“Very well,” he answered, “I will grant this request as well, and will not demolish the town you indicate.
Genesis 19:22	Hurry! Run there quickly, for I cannot do anything until you reach it.” That is why the town was called Zoar.
Genesis 19:23	And by the time the sun had risen over the land, Lot had reached Zoar.
Genesis 19:24	Then the LORD rained down sulfur and fire on Sodom and Gomorrah—from the LORD out of the heavens.
Genesis 19:25	Thus He destroyed these cities and the entire plain, including all the inhabitants of the cities and everything that grew on the ground.
Genesis 19:26	But Lot’s wife looked back, and she became a pillar of salt.
Genesis 19:27	Early the next morning, Abraham got up and returned to the place where he had stood before the LORD.
Genesis 19:28	He looked down toward Sodom and Gomorrah and all the land of the plain, and he saw the smoke rising from the land like smoke from a furnace.
Genesis 19:29	So when God destroyed the cities of the plain, He remembered Abraham, and He brought Lot out of the catastrophe that destroyed the cities where he had lived.
Genesis 19:30	Lot and his two daughters left Zoar and settled in the mountains—for he was afraid to stay in Zoar—where they lived in a cave.
Genesis 19:31	One day the older daughter said to the younger, “Our father is old, and there is no man in the land to sleep with us, as is the custom over all the earth.
Genesis 19:32	Come, let us get our father drunk with wine so we can sleep with him and preserve his line.”
Genesis 19:33	So that night they got their father drunk with wine, and the firstborn went in and slept with her father; he was not aware when she lay down or when she got up.
Genesis 19:34	The next day the older daughter said to the younger, “Look, I slept with my father last night. Let us get him drunk with wine again tonight so you can go in and sleep with him and we can preserve our father’s line.”
Genesis 19:35	So again that night they got their father drunk with wine, and the younger daughter went in and slept with him; he was not aware when she lay down or when she got up.
Genesis 19:36	Thus both of Lot’s daughters became pregnant by their father.
Genesis 19:37	The older daughter gave birth to a son and named him Moab. He is the father of the Moabites of today.
Genesis 19:38	The younger daughter also gave birth to a son, and she named him Ben-ammi. He is the father of the Ammonites of today.
Genesis 20:1	Now Abraham journeyed from there to the region of the Negev and settled between Kadesh and Shur. While he was staying in Gerar,
Genesis 20:2	Abraham said of his wife Sarah, “She is my sister.” So Abimelech king of Gerar had Sarah brought to him.
Genesis 20:3	One night, however, God came to Abimelech in a dream and told him, “You are as good as dead because of the woman you have taken, for she is a married woman.”
Genesis 20:4	Now Abimelech had not gone near her, so he replied, “Lord, would You destroy a nation even though it is innocent?
Genesis 20:5	Didn’t Abraham tell me, ‘She is my sister’? And she herself said, ‘He is my brother.’ I have done this in the integrity of my heart and the innocence of my hands.”
Genesis 20:6	Then God said to Abimelech in the dream, “Yes, I know that you did this with a clear conscience, and so I have kept you from sinning against Me. That is why I did not let you touch her.
Genesis 20:7	Now return the man’s wife, for he is a prophet; he will pray for you and you will live. But if you do not restore her, be aware that you will surely die—you and all who belong to you.”
Genesis 20:8	Early the next morning Abimelech got up and summoned all his servants; and when he described to them all that had happened, the men were terrified.
Genesis 20:9	Then Abimelech called Abraham and asked, “What have you done to us? How have I sinned against you, that you have brought such tremendous guilt upon me and my kingdom? You have done things to me that should not be done.”
Genesis 20:10	Abimelech also asked Abraham, “What prompted you to do such a thing?”
Genesis 20:11	Abraham replied, “I thought to myself, ‘Surely there is no fear of God in this place. They will kill me on account of my wife.’
Genesis 20:12	Besides, she really is my sister, the daughter of my father—though not the daughter of my mother—and she became my wife.
Genesis 20:13	So when God had me journey from my father’s house, I said to Sarah, ‘This is how you can show your loyalty to me: Wherever we go, say of me, “He is my brother.”’”
Genesis 20:14	So Abimelech brought sheep and cattle, menservants and maidservants, and he gave them to Abraham and restored his wife Sarah to him.
Genesis 20:15	And Abimelech said, “Look, my land is before you. Settle wherever you please.”
Genesis 20:16	And he said to Sarah, “See, I am giving your brother a thousand pieces of silver. It is your vindication before all who are with you; you are completely cleared.”
Genesis 20:17	Then Abraham prayed to God, and God healed Abimelech and his wife and his maidservants, so that they could again bear children—
Genesis 20:18	for on account of Abraham’s wife Sarah, the LORD had completely closed all the wombs in Abimelech’s household.
Genesis 21:1	Now the LORD attended to Sarah as He had said, and the LORD did for Sarah what He had promised.
Genesis 21:2	So Sarah conceived and bore a son to Abraham in his old age, at the very time God had promised.
Genesis 21:3	And Abraham gave the name Isaac to the son Sarah bore to him.
Genesis 21:4	When his son Isaac was eight days old, Abraham circumcised him, as God had commanded him.
Genesis 21:5	Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born to him.
Genesis 21:6	Then Sarah said, “God has made me laugh, and everyone who hears of this will laugh with me.”
Genesis 21:7	She added, “Who would have told Abraham that Sarah would nurse children? Yet I have borne him a son in his old age.”
Genesis 21:8	So the child grew and was weaned, and Abraham held a great feast on the day Isaac was weaned.
Genesis 21:9	But Sarah saw that the son whom Hagar the Egyptian had borne to Abraham was mocking her son,
Genesis 21:10	and she said to Abraham, “Expel the slave woman and her son, for the slave woman’s son will never share in the inheritance with my son Isaac!”
Genesis 21:11	Now this matter distressed Abraham greatly because it concerned his son Ishmael.
Genesis 21:12	But God said to Abraham, “Do not be distressed about the boy and your maidservant. Listen to everything that Sarah tells you, for through Isaac your offspring will be reckoned.
Genesis 21:13	But I will also make a nation of the slave woman’s son, because he is your offspring.”
Genesis 21:14	Early in the morning, Abraham got up, took bread and a skin of water, put them on Hagar’s shoulders, and sent her away with the boy. She left and wandered in the Wilderness of Beersheba.
Genesis 21:15	When the water in the skin was gone, she left the boy under one of the bushes.
Genesis 21:16	Then she went off and sat down nearby, about a bowshot away, for she said, “I cannot bear to watch the boy die!” And as she sat nearby, she lifted up her voice and wept.
Genesis 21:17	Then God heard the voice of the boy, and the angel of God called to Hagar from heaven, “What is wrong, Hagar? Do not be afraid, for God has heard the voice of the boy where he lies.
Genesis 21:18	Get up, lift up the boy, and take him by the hand, for I will make him into a great nation.”
Genesis 21:19	Then God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water. So she went and filled the skin with water and gave the boy a drink.
Genesis 21:20	And God was with the boy, and he grew up and settled in the wilderness and became a great archer.
Genesis 21:21	And while he was dwelling in the Wilderness of Paran, his mother got a wife for him from the land of Egypt.
Genesis 21:22	At that time Abimelech and Phicol the commander of his army said to Abraham, “God is with you in all that you do.
Genesis 21:23	Now, therefore, swear to me here before God that you will not deal falsely with me or my children or descendants. Show to me and to the country in which you reside the same kindness that I have shown to you.”
Genesis 21:24	And Abraham replied, “I swear it.”
Genesis 21:25	But when Abraham complained to Abimelech about a well that Abimelech’s servants had seized,
Genesis 21:26	Abimelech replied, “I do not know who has done this. You did not tell me, so I have not heard about it until today.”
Genesis 21:27	So Abraham brought sheep and cattle and gave them to Abimelech, and the two men made a covenant.
Genesis 21:28	Abraham separated seven ewe lambs from the flock,
Genesis 21:29	and Abimelech asked him, “Why have you set apart these seven ewe lambs?”
Genesis 21:30	He replied, “You are to accept the seven ewe lambs from my hand as my witness that I dug this well.”
Genesis 21:31	So that place was called Beersheba, because it was there that the two of them swore an oath.
Genesis 21:32	After they had made the covenant at Beersheba, Abimelech and Phicol the commander of his army got up and returned to the land of the Philistines.
Genesis 21:33	And Abraham planted a tamarisk tree in Beersheba, and there he called upon the name of the LORD, the Eternal God.
Genesis 21:34	And Abraham resided in the land of the Philistines for a long time.
Genesis 22:1	Some time later God tested Abraham and said to him, “Abraham!” “Here I am,” he answered.
Genesis 22:2	“Take your son,” God said, “your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah. Offer him there as a burnt offering on one of the mountains, which I will show you.”
Genesis 22:3	So Abraham got up early the next morning, saddled his donkey, and took along two of his servants and his son Isaac. He split the wood for a burnt offering and set out for the place God had designated.
Genesis 22:4	On the third day Abraham looked up and saw the place in the distance.
Genesis 22:5	“Stay here with the donkey,” Abraham told his servants. “The boy and I will go over there to worship, and then we will return to you.”
Genesis 22:6	Abraham took the wood for the burnt offering and placed it on his son Isaac. He himself carried the fire and the sacrificial knife, and the two of them walked on together.
Genesis 22:7	Then Isaac said to his father Abraham, “My father!” “Here I am, my son,” he replied. “The fire and the wood are here,” said Isaac, “but where is the lamb for the burnt offering?”
Genesis 22:8	Abraham answered, “God Himself will provide the lamb for the burnt offering, my son.” And the two walked on together.
Genesis 22:9	When they arrived at the place God had designated, Abraham built the altar there and arranged the wood. He bound his son Isaac and placed him on the altar, atop the wood.
Genesis 22:10	Then Abraham reached out his hand and took the knife to slaughter his son.
Genesis 22:11	Just then the angel of the LORD called out to him from heaven, “Abraham, Abraham!” “Here I am,” he replied.
Genesis 22:12	“Do not lay a hand on the boy or do anything to him,” said the angel, “for now I know that you fear God, since you have not withheld your only son from me.”
Genesis 22:13	Then Abraham looked up and saw behind him a ram in a thicket, caught by its horns. So he went and took the ram and offered it as a burnt offering in place of his son.
Genesis 22:14	And Abraham called that place The LORD Will Provide. So to this day it is said, “On the mountain of the LORD it will be provided.”
Genesis 22:15	And the angel of the LORD called to Abraham from heaven a second time,
Genesis 22:16	saying, “By Myself I have sworn, declares the LORD, that because you have done this and have not withheld your only son,
Genesis 22:17	I will surely bless you, and I will multiply your descendants like the stars in the sky and the sand on the seashore. Your descendants will possess the gates of their enemies.
Genesis 22:18	And through your offspring all nations of the earth will be blessed, because you have obeyed My voice.”
Genesis 22:19	Abraham went back to his servants, and they got up and set out together for Beersheba. And Abraham settled in Beersheba.
Genesis 22:20	Some time later, Abraham was told, “Milcah has also borne sons to your brother Nahor:
Genesis 22:21	Uz the firstborn, his brother Buz, Kemuel (the father of Aram),
Genesis 22:22	Chesed, Hazo, Pildash, Jidlaph, and Bethuel.”
Genesis 22:23	And Bethuel became the father of Rebekah. Milcah bore these eight sons to Abraham’s brother Nahor.
Genesis 22:24	Moreover, Nahor’s concubine, whose name was Reumah, bore Tebah, Gaham, Tahash, and Maacah.
Genesis 23:1	Now Sarah lived to be 127 years old.
Genesis 23:2	She died in Kiriath-arba (that is, Hebron) in the land of Canaan, and Abraham went out to mourn and to weep for her.
Genesis 23:3	Then Abraham got up from beside his dead wife and said to the Hittites,
Genesis 23:4	“I am a foreigner and an outsider among you. Give me a burial site among you so that I can bury my dead.”
Genesis 23:5	The Hittites replied to Abraham,
Genesis 23:6	“Listen to us, sir. You are God’s chosen one among us. Bury your dead in the finest of our tombs. None of us will withhold his tomb for burying your dead.”
Genesis 23:7	Then Abraham rose and bowed down before the people of the land, the Hittites.
Genesis 23:8	“If you are willing for me to bury my dead,” he said to them, “listen to me, and approach Ephron son of Zohar on my behalf
Genesis 23:9	to sell me the cave of Machpelah that belongs to him; it is at the end of his field. Let him sell it to me in your presence for full price, so that I may have a burial site.”
Genesis 23:10	Now Ephron was sitting among the sons of Heth. So in the presence of all the Hittites who had come to the gate of his city, Ephron the Hittite answered Abraham,
Genesis 23:11	“No, my lord. Listen to me. I give you the field, and I give you the cave that is in it. I give it to you in the presence of my people. Bury your dead.”
Genesis 23:12	Again Abraham bowed down before the people of the land
Genesis 23:13	and said to Ephron in their presence, “If you will please listen to me, I will pay you the price of the field. Accept it from me, so that I may bury my dead there.”
Genesis 23:14	Ephron answered Abraham,
Genesis 23:15	“Listen to me, my lord. The land is worth four hundred shekels of silver, but what is that between you and me? Bury your dead.”
Genesis 23:16	Abraham agreed to Ephron’s terms and weighed out for him the price he had named in the hearing of the Hittites: four hundred shekels of silver, according to the standard of the merchants.
Genesis 23:17	So Ephron’s field at Machpelah near Mamre, the cave that was in it, and all the trees within the boundaries of the field were deeded over
Genesis 23:18	to Abraham’s possession in the presence of all the Hittites who had come to the gate of his city.
Genesis 23:19	After this, Abraham buried his wife Sarah in the cave of the field at Machpelah near Mamre (that is, Hebron) in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 23:20	So the field and its cave were deeded by the Hittites to Abraham as a burial site.
Genesis 24:1	By now Abraham was old and well along in years, and the LORD had blessed him in every way.
Genesis 24:2	So Abraham instructed the chief servant of his household, who managed all he owned, “Place your hand under my thigh,
Genesis 24:3	and I will have you swear by the LORD, the God of heaven and the God of earth, that you will not take a wife for my son from the daughters of the Canaanites among whom I am dwelling,
Genesis 24:4	but will go to my country and my kindred to take a wife for my son Isaac.”
Genesis 24:5	The servant asked him, “What if the woman is unwilling to follow me to this land? Shall I then take your son back to the land from which you came?”
Genesis 24:6	Abraham replied, “Make sure that you do not take my son back there.
Genesis 24:7	The LORD, the God of heaven, who brought me from my father’s house and my native land, who spoke to me and promised me on oath, saying, ‘To your offspring I will give this land’—He will send His angel before you so that you can take a wife for my son from there.
Genesis 24:8	And if the woman is unwilling to follow you, then you are released from this oath of mine. Only do not take my son back there.”
Genesis 24:9	So the servant placed his hand under the thigh of his master Abraham and swore an oath to him concerning this matter.
Genesis 24:10	Then the servant took ten of his master’s camels and departed with all manner of good things from his master in hand. And he set out for Nahor’s hometown in Aram-naharaim.
Genesis 24:11	As evening approached, he made the camels kneel down near the well outside the town at the time when the women went out to draw water.
Genesis 24:12	“O LORD, God of my master Abraham,” he prayed, “please grant me success today, and show kindness to my master Abraham.
Genesis 24:13	Here I am, standing beside the spring, and the daughters of the townspeople are coming out to draw water.
Genesis 24:14	Now may it happen that the girl to whom I say, ‘Please let down your jar that I may drink,’ and who responds, ‘Drink, and I will water your camels as well’—let her be the one You have appointed for Your servant Isaac. By this I will know that You have shown kindness to my master.”
Genesis 24:15	Before the servant had finished praying, Rebekah came out with her jar on her shoulder. She was the daughter of Bethuel son of Milcah, the wife of Abraham’s brother Nahor.
Genesis 24:16	Now the girl was very beautiful, a virgin who had not had relations with any man. She went down to the spring, filled her jar, and came up again.
Genesis 24:17	So the servant ran to meet her and said, “Please let me have a little water from your jar.”
Genesis 24:18	“Drink, my lord,” she replied, and she quickly lowered her jar to her hands and gave him a drink.
Genesis 24:19	After she had given him a drink, she said, “I will also draw water for your camels, until they have had enough to drink.”
Genesis 24:20	And she quickly emptied her jar into the trough and ran back to the well to draw water, until she had drawn water for all his camels.
Genesis 24:21	Meanwhile, the man watched her silently to see whether or not the LORD had made his journey a success.
Genesis 24:22	And after the camels had finished drinking, he took out a gold ring weighing a beka, and two gold bracelets for her wrists weighing ten shekels.
Genesis 24:23	“Whose daughter are you?” he asked. “Please tell me, is there room in your father’s house for us to spend the night?”
Genesis 24:24	She replied, “I am the daughter of Bethuel, the son that Milcah bore to Nahor.”
Genesis 24:25	Then she added, “We have plenty of straw and feed, as well as a place for you to spend the night.”
Genesis 24:26	Then the man bowed down and worshiped the LORD,
Genesis 24:27	saying, “Blessed be the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, who has not withheld His kindness and faithfulness from my master. As for me, the LORD has led me on the journey to the house of my master’s relatives.”
Genesis 24:28	The girl ran and told her mother’s household about these things.
Genesis 24:29	Now Rebekah had a brother named Laban, and he rushed out to the man at the spring.
Genesis 24:30	As soon as he saw the ring, and the bracelets on his sister’s wrists, and heard Rebekah’s words, “The man said this to me,” he went and found the man standing by the camels near the spring.
Genesis 24:31	“Come, you who are blessed by the LORD,” said Laban. “Why are you standing out here? I have prepared the house and a place for the camels.”
Genesis 24:32	So the man came to the house, and the camels were unloaded. Straw and feed were brought to the camels, and water to wash his feet and the feet of his companions.
Genesis 24:33	Then a meal was set before the man, but he said, “I will not eat until I have told you what I came to say.” So Laban said, “Please speak.”
Genesis 24:34	“I am Abraham’s servant,” he replied.
Genesis 24:35	“The LORD has greatly blessed my master, and he has become rich. He has given him sheep and cattle, silver and gold, menservants and maidservants, camels and donkeys.
Genesis 24:36	My master’s wife Sarah has borne him a son in her old age, and my master has given him everything he owns.
Genesis 24:37	My master made me swear an oath and said, ‘You shall not take a wife for my son from the daughters of the Canaanites in whose land I dwell,
Genesis 24:38	but you shall go to my father’s house and to my kindred to take a wife for my son.’
Genesis 24:39	Then I asked my master, ‘What if the woman will not come back with me?’
Genesis 24:40	And he told me, ‘The LORD, before whom I have walked, will send His angel with you and make your journey a success, so that you may take a wife for my son from my kindred and from my father’s house.
Genesis 24:41	And when you go to my kindred, if they refuse to give her to you, then you will be released from my oath.’
Genesis 24:42	So when I came to the spring today, I prayed: O LORD, God of my master Abraham, if only You would make my journey a success!
Genesis 24:43	Here I am, standing beside this spring. Now if a maiden comes out to draw water and I say to her, ‘Please let me drink a little water from your jar,’
Genesis 24:44	and she replies, ‘Drink, and I will draw water for your camels as well,’ may she be the woman the LORD has appointed for my master’s son.
Genesis 24:45	And before I had finished praying in my heart, there was Rebekah coming out with her jar on her shoulder, and she went down to the spring and drew water. So I said to her, ‘Please give me a drink.’
Genesis 24:46	She quickly lowered her jar from her shoulder and said, ‘Drink, and I will water your camels as well.’ So I drank, and she also watered the camels.
Genesis 24:47	Then I asked her, ‘Whose daughter are you?’ She replied, ‘The daughter of Bethuel son of Nahor, whom Milcah bore to him.’ So I put the ring on her nose and the bracelets on her wrists.
Genesis 24:48	Then I bowed down and worshiped the LORD; and I blessed the LORD, the God of my master Abraham, who led me on the right road to take the granddaughter of my master’s brother for his son.
Genesis 24:49	Now if you will show kindness and faithfulness to my master, tell me; but if not, let me know, so that I may go elsewhere.”
Genesis 24:50	Laban and Bethuel answered, “This is from the LORD; we have no choice in the matter.
Genesis 24:51	Rebekah is here before you. Take her and go, and let her become the wife of your master’s son, just as the LORD has decreed.”
Genesis 24:52	When Abraham’s servant heard their words, he bowed down to the ground before the LORD.
Genesis 24:53	Then he brought out jewels of silver and gold, and articles of clothing, and he gave them to Rebekah. He also gave precious gifts to her brother and her mother.
Genesis 24:54	Then he and the men with him ate and drank and spent the night there. When they got up the next morning, he said, “Send me on my way to my master.”
Genesis 24:55	But her brother and mother said, “Let the girl remain with us ten days or so. After that, she may go.”
Genesis 24:56	But he replied, “Do not delay me, since the LORD has made my journey a success. Send me on my way so that I may go to my master.”
Genesis 24:57	So they said, “We will call the girl and ask her opinion.”
Genesis 24:58	They called Rebekah and asked her, “Will you go with this man?” “I will go,” she replied.
Genesis 24:59	So they sent their sister Rebekah on her way, along with her nurse and Abraham’s servant and his men.
Genesis 24:60	And they blessed Rebekah and said to her, “Our sister, may you become the mother of thousands upon thousands. May your offspring possess the gates of their enemies.”
Genesis 24:61	Then Rebekah and her servant girls got ready, mounted the camels, and followed the man. So the servant took Rebekah and left.
Genesis 24:62	Now Isaac had just returned from Beer-lahai-roi, for he was living in the Negev.
Genesis 24:63	Early in the evening, Isaac went out to the field to meditate, and looking up, he saw the camels approaching.
Genesis 24:64	And when Rebekah looked up and saw Isaac, she got down from her camel
Genesis 24:65	and asked the servant, “Who is that man in the field coming to meet us?” “It is my master,” the servant answered. So she took her veil and covered herself.
Genesis 24:66	Then the servant told Isaac all that he had done.
Genesis 24:67	And Isaac brought her into the tent of his mother Sarah and took Rebekah as his wife. And Isaac loved her and was comforted after his mother’s death.
Genesis 25:1	Now Abraham had taken another wife, named Keturah,
Genesis 25:2	and she bore him Zimran, Jokshan, Medan, Midian, Ishbak, and Shuah.
Genesis 25:3	Jokshan was the father of Sheba and Dedan. And the sons of Dedan were the Asshurites, the Letushites, and the Leummites.
Genesis 25:4	The sons of Midian were Ephah, Epher, Hanoch, Abida, and Eldaah. All these were descendants of Keturah.
Genesis 25:5	Abraham left everything he owned to Isaac.
Genesis 25:6	But while he was still alive, Abraham gave gifts to the sons of his concubines and sent them away from his son Isaac to the land of the east.
Genesis 25:7	Abraham lived a total of 175 years.
Genesis 25:8	And at a ripe old age he breathed his last and died, old and contented, and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:9	His sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the cave of Machpelah near Mamre, in the field of Ephron son of Zohar the Hittite.
Genesis 25:10	This was the field that Abraham had bought from the Hittites. Abraham was buried there with his wife Sarah.
Genesis 25:11	After Abraham’s death, God blessed his son Isaac, who lived near Beer-lahai-roi.
Genesis 25:12	This is the account of Abraham’s son Ishmael, whom Hagar the Egyptian, Sarah’s maidservant, bore to Abraham.
Genesis 25:13	These are the names of the sons of Ishmael in the order of their birth: Nebaioth the firstborn of Ishmael, then Kedar, Adbeel, Mibsam,
Genesis 25:14	Mishma, Dumah, Massa,
Genesis 25:15	Hadad, Tema, Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah.
Genesis 25:16	These were the sons of Ishmael, and these were their names by their villages and encampments—twelve princes of their tribes.
Genesis 25:17	Ishmael lived a total of 137 years. Then he breathed his last and died, and was gathered to his people.
Genesis 25:18	Ishmael’s descendants settled from Havilah to Shur, which is near the border of Egypt as you go toward Asshur. And they lived in hostility toward all their brothers.
Genesis 25:19	This is the account of Abraham’s son Isaac. Abraham became the father of Isaac,
Genesis 25:20	and Isaac was forty years old when he married Rebekah, the daughter of Bethuel the Aramean from Paddan-aram and the sister of Laban the Aramean.
Genesis 25:21	Later, Isaac prayed to the LORD on behalf of his wife, because she was barren. And the LORD heard his prayer, and his wife Rebekah conceived.
Genesis 25:22	But the children inside her struggled with each other, and she said, “Why is this happening to me?” So Rebekah went to inquire of the LORD,
Genesis 25:23	and He declared to her: “Two nations are in your womb, and two peoples from within you will be separated; one people will be stronger than the other, and the older will serve the younger.”
Genesis 25:24	When her time came to give birth, there were indeed twins in her womb.
Genesis 25:25	The first one came out red, covered with hair like a fur coat; so they named him Esau.
Genesis 25:26	After this, his brother came out grasping Esau’s heel; so he was named Jacob. And Isaac was sixty years old when the twins were born.
Genesis 25:27	When the boys grew up, Esau became a skillful hunter, a man of the field, while Jacob was a quiet man who stayed at home.
Genesis 25:28	Because Isaac had a taste for wild game, he loved Esau; but Rebekah loved Jacob.
Genesis 25:29	One day, while Jacob was cooking some stew, Esau came in from the field and was famished.
Genesis 25:30	He said to Jacob, “Let me eat some of that red stew, for I am famished.” (That is why he was also called Edom.)
Genesis 25:31	“First sell me your birthright,” Jacob replied.
Genesis 25:32	“Look,” said Esau, “I am about to die, so what good is a birthright to me?”
Genesis 25:33	“Swear to me first,” Jacob said. So Esau swore to Jacob and sold him the birthright.
Genesis 25:34	Then Jacob gave some bread and lentil stew to Esau, who ate and drank and then got up and went away. Thus Esau despised his birthright.
Genesis 26:1	Now there was another famine in the land, subsequent to the one that had occurred in Abraham’s time. And Isaac went to Abimelech king of the Philistines at Gerar.
Genesis 26:2	The LORD appeared to Isaac and said, “Do not go down to Egypt. Settle in the land where I tell you.
Genesis 26:3	Stay in this land as a foreigner, and I will be with you and bless you. For I will give all these lands to you and your offspring, and I will confirm the oath that I swore to your father Abraham.
Genesis 26:4	I will make your descendants as numerous as the stars in the sky, and I will give them all these lands, and through your offspring all nations of the earth will be blessed,
Genesis 26:5	because Abraham listened to My voice and kept My charge, My commandments, My statutes, and My laws.”
Genesis 26:6	So Isaac settled in Gerar.
Genesis 26:7	But when the men of that place asked about his wife, he said, “She is my sister.” For he was afraid to say, “She is my wife,” since he thought to himself, “The men of this place will kill me on account of Rebekah, because she is so beautiful.”
Genesis 26:8	When Isaac had been there a long time, Abimelech king of the Philistines looked down from the window and was surprised to see Isaac caressing his wife Rebekah.
Genesis 26:9	Abimelech sent for Isaac and said, “So she is really your wife! How could you say, ‘She is my sister’?” Isaac replied, “Because I thought I might die on account of her.”
Genesis 26:10	“What is this you have done to us?” asked Abimelech. “One of the people could easily have slept with your wife, and you would have brought guilt upon us.”
Genesis 26:11	So Abimelech warned all the people, saying, “Whoever harms this man or his wife will surely be put to death.”
Genesis 26:12	Now Isaac sowed seed in the land, and that very year he reaped a hundredfold. And the LORD blessed him,
Genesis 26:13	and he became richer and richer, until he was exceedingly wealthy.
Genesis 26:14	He owned so many flocks and herds and servants that the Philistines envied him.
Genesis 26:15	So the Philistines took dirt and stopped up all the wells that his father’s servants had dug in the days of his father Abraham.
Genesis 26:16	Then Abimelech said to Isaac, “Depart from us, for you are much too powerful for us.”
Genesis 26:17	So Isaac left that place and encamped in the Valley of Gerar and settled there.
Genesis 26:18	Isaac reopened the wells that had been dug in the days of his father Abraham, which the Philistines had stopped up after Abraham died. And he gave these wells the same names his father had given them.
Genesis 26:19	Then Isaac’s servants dug in the valley and found a well of fresh water there.
Genesis 26:20	But the herdsmen of Gerar quarreled with Isaac’s herdsmen and said, “The water is ours!” So he named the well Esek, because they contended with him.
Genesis 26:21	Then they dug another well and quarreled over that one also; so he named it Sitnah.
Genesis 26:22	He moved on from there and dug another well, and they did not quarrel over it. He named it Rehoboth and said, “At last the LORD has made room for us, and we will be fruitful in the land.”
Genesis 26:23	From there Isaac went up to Beersheba,
Genesis 26:24	and that night the LORD appeared to him and said, “I am the God of your father Abraham. Do not be afraid, for I am with you. I will bless you and multiply your descendants for the sake of My servant Abraham.”
Genesis 26:25	So Isaac built an altar there and called on the name of the LORD, and he pitched his tent there. His servants also dug a well there.
Genesis 26:26	Later, Abimelech came to Isaac from Gerar, with Ahuzzath his adviser and Phicol the commander of his army.
Genesis 26:27	“Why have you come to me?” Isaac asked them. “You hated me and sent me away.”
Genesis 26:28	“We can plainly see that the LORD has been with you,” they replied. “We recommend that there should now be an oath between us and you. Let us make a covenant with you
Genesis 26:29	that you will not harm us, just as we have not harmed you but have done only good to you, sending you on your way in peace. And now you are blessed by the LORD.”
Genesis 26:30	So Isaac prepared a feast for them, and they ate and drank.
Genesis 26:31	And they got up early the next morning and swore an oath to each other. Then Isaac sent them on their way, and they left him in peace.
Genesis 26:32	On that same day, Isaac’s servants came and told him about the well they had dug. “We have found water!” they told him.
Genesis 26:33	So he called it Shibah, and to this day the name of the city is Beersheba.
Genesis 26:34	When Esau was forty years old, he took as his wives Judith daughter of Beeri the Hittite and Basemath daughter of Elon the Hittite.
Genesis 26:35	And they brought grief to Isaac and Rebekah.
Genesis 27:1	When Isaac was old and his eyes were so weak that he could no longer see, he called his older son Esau and said to him, “My son.” “Here I am,” Esau replied.
Genesis 27:2	“Look,” said Isaac, “I am now old, and I do not know the day of my death.
Genesis 27:3	Take your weapons—your quiver and bow—and go out into the field to hunt some game for me.
Genesis 27:4	Then prepare a tasty dish that I love and bring it to me to eat, so that I may bless you before I die.”
Genesis 27:5	Now Rebekah was listening to what Isaac told his son Esau. So when Esau went into the field to hunt game and bring it back,
Genesis 27:6	Rebekah said to her son Jacob, “Behold, I overheard your father saying to your brother Esau,
Genesis 27:7	‘Bring me some game and prepare me a tasty dish to eat, so that I may bless you in the presence of the LORD before I die.’
Genesis 27:8	Now, my son, listen to my voice and do exactly as I tell you.
Genesis 27:9	Go out to the flock and bring me two choice young goats, so that I can make them into a tasty dish for your father—the kind he loves.
Genesis 27:10	Then take it to your father to eat, so that he may bless you before he dies.”
Genesis 27:11	Jacob answered his mother Rebekah, “Look, my brother Esau is a hairy man, but I am smooth-skinned.
Genesis 27:12	What if my father touches me? Then I would be revealed to him as a deceiver, and I would bring upon myself a curse rather than a blessing.”
Genesis 27:13	His mother replied, “Your curse be on me, my son. Just obey my voice and go get them for me.”
Genesis 27:14	So Jacob went and got two goats and brought them to his mother, who made the tasty food his father loved.
Genesis 27:15	And Rebekah took the finest clothes in the house that belonged to her older son Esau, and she put them on her younger son Jacob.
Genesis 27:16	She also put the skins of the young goats on his hands and on the smooth part of his neck.
Genesis 27:17	Then she handed her son Jacob the tasty food and bread she had made.
Genesis 27:18	So Jacob went to his father and said, “My father.” “Here I am!” he answered. “Which one are you, my son?”
Genesis 27:19	Jacob said to his father, “I am Esau, your firstborn. I have done as you told me. Please sit up and eat some of my game, so that you may bless me.”
Genesis 27:20	But Isaac asked his son, “How did you ever find it so quickly, my son?” “Because the LORD your God brought it to me,” he replied.
Genesis 27:21	Then Isaac said to Jacob, “Please come closer so I can touch you, my son. Are you really my son Esau, or not?”
Genesis 27:22	So Jacob came close to his father Isaac, who touched him and said, “The voice is the voice of Jacob, but the hands are the hands of Esau.”
Genesis 27:23	Isaac did not recognize him, because his hands were hairy like those of his brother Esau; so he blessed him.
Genesis 27:24	Again he asked, “Are you really my son Esau?” And he replied, “I am.”
Genesis 27:25	“Serve me,” said Isaac, “and let me eat some of my son’s game, so that I may bless you.” Jacob brought it to him, and he ate; then he brought him wine, and he drank.
Genesis 27:26	Then his father Isaac said to him, “Please come near and kiss me, my son.”
Genesis 27:27	So he came near and kissed him. When Isaac smelled his clothing, he blessed him and said: “Ah, the smell of my son is like the smell of a field that the LORD has blessed.
Genesis 27:28	May God give to you the dew of heaven and the richness of the earth—an abundance of grain and new wine.
Genesis 27:29	May peoples serve you and nations bow down to you. May you be the master of your brothers, and may the sons of your mother bow down to you. May those who curse you be cursed, and those who bless you be blessed.”
Genesis 27:30	As soon as Isaac had finished blessing him and Jacob had left his father’s presence, his brother Esau returned from the hunt.
Genesis 27:31	He too made some tasty food, brought it to his father, and said to him, “My father, sit up and eat of your son’s game, so that you may bless me.”
Genesis 27:32	But his father Isaac replied, “Who are you?” “I am Esau, your firstborn son,” he answered.
Genesis 27:33	Isaac began to tremble violently and said, “Who was it, then, who hunted the game and brought it to me? Before you came in, I ate it all and blessed him—and indeed, he will be blessed!”
Genesis 27:34	When Esau heard his father’s words, he let out a loud and bitter cry and said to his father, “Bless me too, O my father!”
Genesis 27:35	But Isaac replied, “Your brother came deceitfully and took your blessing.”
Genesis 27:36	So Esau declared, “Is he not rightly named Jacob? For he has cheated me twice. He took my birthright, and now he has taken my blessing.” Then he asked, “Haven’t you saved a blessing for me?”
Genesis 27:37	But Isaac answered Esau: “Look, I have made him your master and given him all his relatives as servants; I have sustained him with grain and new wine. What is left that I can do for you, my son?”
Genesis 27:38	Esau said to his father, “Do you have only one blessing, my father? Bless me too, O my father!” Then Esau wept aloud.
Genesis 27:39	His father Isaac answered him: “Behold, your dwelling place shall be away from the richness of the land, away from the dew of heaven above.
Genesis 27:40	You shall live by the sword and serve your brother. But when you rebel, you will tear his yoke from your neck.”
Genesis 27:41	Esau held a grudge against Jacob because of the blessing his father had given him. And Esau said in his heart, “The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then I will kill my brother Jacob.”
Genesis 27:42	When the words of her older son Esau were relayed to Rebekah, she sent for her younger son Jacob and told him, “Look, your brother Esau is consoling himself by plotting to kill you.
Genesis 27:43	So now, my son, obey my voice and flee at once to my brother Laban in Haran.
Genesis 27:44	Stay with him for a while, until your brother’s fury subsides—
Genesis 27:45	until your brother’s rage against you wanes and he forgets what you have done to him. Then I will send for you and bring you back from there. Why should I lose both of you in one day?”
Genesis 27:46	Then Rebekah said to Isaac, “I am weary of my life because of these Hittite women. If Jacob takes a Hittite wife from among them, what good is my life?”
Genesis 28:1	So Isaac called for Jacob and blessed him. “Do not take a wife from the Canaanite women,” he commanded.
Genesis 28:2	“Go at once to Paddan-aram, to the house of your mother’s father Bethuel, and take a wife from among the daughters of Laban, your mother’s brother.
Genesis 28:3	May God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and multiply you, so that you may become a company of peoples.
Genesis 28:4	And may He give the blessing of Abraham to you and your descendants, so that you may possess the land where you dwell as a foreigner, the land God gave to Abraham.”
Genesis 28:5	So Isaac sent Jacob to Paddan-aram, to Laban son of Bethuel the Aramean, the brother of Rebekah, who was the mother of Jacob and Esau.
Genesis 28:6	Now Esau learned that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him to Paddan-aram to take a wife there, commanding him, “Do not marry a Canaanite woman,”
Genesis 28:7	and that Jacob had obeyed his father and mother and gone to Paddan-aram.
Genesis 28:8	And seeing that his father Isaac disapproved of the Canaanite women,
Genesis 28:9	Esau went to Ishmael and married Mahalath, the sister of Nebaioth and daughter of Abraham’s son Ishmael, in addition to the wives he already had.
Genesis 28:10	Meanwhile Jacob left Beersheba and set out for Haran.
Genesis 28:11	On reaching a certain place, he spent the night there because the sun had set. And taking one of the stones from that place, he put it under his head and lay down to sleep.
Genesis 28:12	And Jacob had a dream about a ladder that rested on the earth with its top reaching up to heaven, and God’s angels were going up and down the ladder.
Genesis 28:13	And there at the top the LORD was standing and saying, “I am the LORD, the God of your father Abraham and the God of Isaac. I will give you and your descendants the land on which you now lie.
Genesis 28:14	Your descendants will be like the dust of the earth, and you will spread out to the west and east and north and south. All the families of the earth will be blessed through you and your offspring.
Genesis 28:15	Look, I am with you, and I will watch over you wherever you go, and I will bring you back to this land. For I will not leave you until I have done what I have promised you.”
Genesis 28:16	When Jacob woke up, he thought, “Surely the LORD is in this place, and I was unaware of it.”
Genesis 28:17	And he was afraid and said, “How awesome is this place! This is none other than the house of God; this is the gate of heaven!”
Genesis 28:18	Early the next morning, Jacob took the stone that he had placed under his head, and he set it up as a pillar. He poured oil on top of it,
Genesis 28:19	and he called that place Bethel, though previously the city had been named Luz.
Genesis 28:20	Then Jacob made a vow, saying, “If God will be with me and watch over me on this journey, and if He will provide me with food to eat and clothes to wear,
Genesis 28:21	so that I may return safely to my father’s house, then the LORD will be my God.
Genesis 28:22	And this stone I have set up as a pillar will be God’s house, and of all that You give me I will surely give You a tenth.”
Genesis 29:1	Jacob resumed his journey and came to the land of the people of the east.
Genesis 29:2	He looked and saw a well in the field, and near it lay three flocks of sheep, because the sheep were watered from this well. And a large stone covered the mouth of the well.
Genesis 29:3	When all the flocks had been gathered there, the shepherds would roll away the stone from the mouth of the well and water the sheep. Then they would return the stone to its place over the mouth of the well.
Genesis 29:4	“My brothers,” Jacob asked the shepherds, “where are you from?” “We are from Haran,” they answered.
Genesis 29:5	“Do you know Laban the grandson of Nahor?” Jacob asked. “We know him,” they replied.
Genesis 29:6	“Is he well?” Jacob inquired. “Yes,” they answered, “and here comes his daughter Rachel with his sheep.”
Genesis 29:7	“Look,” said Jacob, “it is still broad daylight; it is not yet time to gather the livestock. Water the sheep and take them back to pasture.”
Genesis 29:8	But they replied, “We cannot, until all the flocks have been gathered and the stone has been rolled away from the mouth of the well. Then we will water the sheep.”
Genesis 29:9	While he was still speaking with them, Rachel arrived with her father’s sheep, for she was a shepherdess.
Genesis 29:10	As soon as Jacob saw Rachel, the daughter of his mother’s brother Laban, with Laban’s sheep, he went up and rolled the stone away from the mouth of the well and watered his uncle’s sheep.
Genesis 29:11	Then Jacob kissed Rachel and wept aloud.
Genesis 29:12	He told Rachel that he was Rebekah’s son, a relative of her father, and she ran and told her father.
Genesis 29:13	When Laban heard the news about his sister’s son Jacob, he ran out to meet him. He embraced him and kissed him and brought him to his home, where Jacob told him all that had happened.
Genesis 29:14	Then Laban declared, “You are indeed my own flesh and blood.” After Jacob had stayed with him a month,
Genesis 29:15	Laban said to him, “Just because you are my relative, should you work for nothing? Tell me what your wages should be.”
Genesis 29:16	Now Laban had two daughters; the older was named Leah, and the younger was named Rachel.
Genesis 29:17	Leah had weak eyes, but Rachel was shapely and beautiful.
Genesis 29:18	Since Jacob loved Rachel, he answered, “I will serve you seven years for your younger daughter Rachel.”
Genesis 29:19	Laban replied, “Better that I give her to you than to another. Stay here with me.”
Genesis 29:20	So Jacob served seven years for Rachel, yet it seemed but a few days because of his love for her.
Genesis 29:21	Finally Jacob said to Laban, “Grant me my wife, for my time is complete, and I want to sleep with her.”
Genesis 29:22	So Laban invited all the men of that place and prepared a feast.
Genesis 29:23	But when evening came, Laban took his daughter Leah and gave her to Jacob, and he slept with her.
Genesis 29:24	And Laban gave his servant girl Zilpah to his daughter Leah as her maidservant.
Genesis 29:25	When morning came, there was Leah! “What have you done to me?” Jacob said to Laban. “Wasn’t it for Rachel that I served you? Why have you deceived me?”
Genesis 29:26	Laban replied, “It is not our custom here to give the younger daughter in marriage before the older.
Genesis 29:27	Finish this week’s celebration, and we will give you the younger one in return for another seven years of work.”
Genesis 29:28	And Jacob did just that. He finished the week’s celebration, and Laban gave him his daughter Rachel as his wife.
Genesis 29:29	Laban also gave his servant girl Bilhah to his daughter Rachel as her maidservant.
Genesis 29:30	Jacob slept with Rachel as well, and indeed, he loved Rachel more than Leah. So he worked for Laban another seven years.
Genesis 29:31	When the LORD saw that Leah was unloved, He opened her womb; but Rachel was barren.
Genesis 29:32	And Leah conceived and gave birth to a son, and she named him Reuben, for she said, “The LORD has seen my affliction. Surely my husband will love me now.”
Genesis 29:33	Again she conceived and gave birth to a son, and she said, “Because the LORD has heard that I am unloved, He has given me this son as well.” So she named him Simeon.
Genesis 29:34	Once again Leah conceived and gave birth to a son, and she said, “Now at last my husband will become attached to me, because I have borne him three sons.” So he was named Levi.
Genesis 29:35	And once more she conceived and gave birth to a son and said, “This time I will praise the LORD.” So she named him Judah. Then Leah stopped having children.
Genesis 30:1	When Rachel saw that she was not bearing any children for Jacob, she envied her sister. “Give me children, or I will die!” she said to Jacob.
Genesis 30:2	Jacob became angry with Rachel and said, “Am I in the place of God, who has withheld children from you?”
Genesis 30:3	Then she said, “Here is my maidservant Bilhah. Sleep with her, that she may bear children for me, so that through her I too can build a family.”
Genesis 30:4	So Rachel gave Jacob her servant Bilhah as a wife, and he slept with her,
Genesis 30:5	and Bilhah conceived and bore him a son.
Genesis 30:6	Then Rachel said, “God has vindicated me; He has heard my plea and given me a son.” So she named him Dan.
Genesis 30:7	And Rachel’s servant Bilhah conceived again and bore Jacob a second son.
Genesis 30:8	Then Rachel said, “In my great struggles, I have wrestled with my sister and won.” So she named him Naphtali.
Genesis 30:9	When Leah saw that she had stopped having children, she gave her servant Zilpah to Jacob as a wife.
Genesis 30:10	And Leah’s servant Zilpah bore Jacob a son.
Genesis 30:11	Then Leah said, “How fortunate!” So she named him Gad.
Genesis 30:12	When Leah’s servant Zilpah bore Jacob a second son,
Genesis 30:13	Leah said, “How happy I am! For the women call me happy.” So she named him Asher.
Genesis 30:14	Now during the wheat harvest, Reuben went out and found some mandrakes in the field. When he brought them to his mother, Rachel begged Leah, “Please give me some of your son’s mandrakes.”
Genesis 30:15	But Leah replied, “Is it not enough that you have taken away my husband? Now you want to take my son’s mandrakes as well?” “Very well,” said Rachel, “he may sleep with you tonight in exchange for your son’s mandrakes.”
Genesis 30:16	When Jacob came in from the field that evening, Leah went out to meet him and said, “You must come with me, for I have hired you with my son’s mandrakes.” So he slept with her that night.
Genesis 30:17	And God listened to Leah, and she conceived and bore a fifth son to Jacob.
Genesis 30:18	Then Leah said, “God has rewarded me for giving my maidservant to my husband.” So she named him Issachar.
Genesis 30:19	Again Leah conceived and bore a sixth son to Jacob.
Genesis 30:20	“God has given me a good gift,” she said. “This time my husband will honor me, because I have borne him six sons.” And she named him Zebulun.
Genesis 30:21	After that, Leah gave birth to a daughter and named her Dinah.
Genesis 30:22	Then God remembered Rachel. He listened to her and opened her womb,
Genesis 30:23	and she conceived and gave birth to a son. “God has taken away my shame,” she said.
Genesis 30:24	She named him Joseph, and said, “May the LORD add to me another son.”
Genesis 30:25	Now after Rachel had given birth to Joseph, Jacob said to Laban, “Send me on my way so I can return to my homeland.
Genesis 30:26	Give me my wives and children for whom I have served you, that I may go on my way. You know how hard I have worked for you.”
Genesis 30:27	But Laban replied, “If I have found favor in your eyes, please stay. I have learned by divination that the LORD has blessed me because of you.”
Genesis 30:28	And he added, “Name your wages, and I will pay them.”
Genesis 30:29	Then Jacob answered, “You know how I have served you and how your livestock have thrived under my care.
Genesis 30:30	Indeed, you had very little before my arrival, but now your wealth has increased many times over. The LORD has blessed you wherever I set foot. But now, when may I also provide for my own household?”
Genesis 30:31	“What can I give you?” Laban asked. “You do not need to give me anything,” Jacob replied. “If you do this one thing for me, I will keep on shepherding and keeping your flocks.
Genesis 30:32	Let me go through all your flocks today and remove from them every speckled or spotted sheep, every dark-colored lamb, and every spotted or speckled goat. These will be my wages.
Genesis 30:33	So my honesty will testify for me when you come to check on my wages in the future. If I have any goats that are not speckled or spotted, or any lambs that are not dark-colored, they will be considered stolen.”
Genesis 30:34	“Agreed,” said Laban. “Let it be as you have said.”
Genesis 30:35	That very day Laban removed all the streaked or spotted male goats and every speckled or spotted female goat—every one that had any white on it—and every dark-colored lamb, and he placed them under the care of his sons.
Genesis 30:36	Then he put a three-day journey between himself and Jacob, while Jacob was shepherding the rest of Laban’s flocks.
Genesis 30:37	Jacob, however, took fresh branches of poplar, almond, and plane trees, and peeled the bark, exposing the white inner wood of the branches.
Genesis 30:38	Then he set the peeled branches in the watering troughs in front of the flocks coming in to drink. So when the flocks were in heat and came to drink,
Genesis 30:39	they mated in front of the branches. And they bore young that were streaked or speckled or spotted.
Genesis 30:40	Jacob set apart the young, but made the rest face the streaked dark-colored sheep in Laban’s flocks. Then he set his own stock apart and did not put them with Laban’s animals.
Genesis 30:41	Whenever the stronger females of the flock were in heat, Jacob would place the branches in the troughs, in full view of the animals, so that they would breed in front of the branches.
Genesis 30:42	But if the animals were weak, he did not set out the branches. So the weaker animals went to Laban and the stronger ones to Jacob.
Genesis 30:43	Thus Jacob became exceedingly prosperous. He owned large flocks, maidservants and menservants, and camels and donkeys.
Genesis 31:1	Now Jacob heard that Laban’s sons were saying, “Jacob has taken away all that belonged to our father and built all this wealth at our father’s expense.”
Genesis 31:2	And Jacob saw from the countenance of Laban that his attitude toward him had changed.
Genesis 31:3	Then the LORD said to Jacob, “Go back to the land of your fathers and to your kindred, and I will be with you.”
Genesis 31:4	So Jacob sent word and called Rachel and Leah to the field where his flocks were,
Genesis 31:5	and he told them, “I can see from your father’s countenance that his attitude toward me has changed; but the God of my father has been with me.
Genesis 31:6	You know that I have served your father with all my strength.
Genesis 31:7	And although he has cheated me and changed my wages ten times, God has not allowed him to harm me.
Genesis 31:8	If he said, ‘The speckled will be your wages,’ then the whole flock bore speckled offspring. If he said, ‘The streaked will be your wages,’ then the whole flock bore streaked offspring.
Genesis 31:9	Thus God has taken away your father’s livestock and given them to me.
Genesis 31:10	When the flocks were breeding, I saw in a dream that the streaked, spotted, and speckled males were mating with the females.
Genesis 31:11	In that dream the angel of God said to me, ‘Jacob!’ And I replied, ‘Here I am.’
Genesis 31:12	‘Look up,’ he said, ‘and see that all the males that are mating with the flock are streaked, spotted, or speckled; for I have seen all that Laban has done to you.
Genesis 31:13	I am the God of Bethel, where you anointed the pillar and made a solemn vow to Me. Now get up and leave this land at once, and return to your native land.’”
Genesis 31:14	And Rachel and Leah replied, “Do we have any portion or inheritance left in our father’s house?
Genesis 31:15	Are we not regarded by him as outsiders? Not only has he sold us, but he has certainly squandered what was paid for us.
Genesis 31:16	Surely all the wealth that God has taken away from our father belongs to us and to our children. So do whatever God has told you.”
Genesis 31:17	Then Jacob got up and put his children and his wives on camels,
Genesis 31:18	and he drove all his livestock before him, along with all the possessions he had acquired in Paddan-aram, to go to his father Isaac in the land in Canaan.
Genesis 31:19	Now while Laban was out shearing his sheep, Rachel stole her father’s household idols.
Genesis 31:20	Moreover, Jacob deceived Laban the Aramean by not telling him that he was running away.
Genesis 31:21	So he fled with all his possessions, crossed the Euphrates, and headed for the hill country of Gilead.
Genesis 31:22	On the third day Laban was informed that Jacob had fled.
Genesis 31:23	So he took his relatives with him, pursued Jacob for seven days, and overtook him in the hill country of Gilead.
Genesis 31:24	But that night God came to Laban the Aramean in a dream and warned him, “Be careful not to say anything to Jacob, either good or bad.”
Genesis 31:25	Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the hill country of Gilead when Laban overtook him, and Laban and his relatives camped there as well.
Genesis 31:26	Then Laban said to Jacob, “What have you done? You have deceived me and carried off my daughters like captives of war!
Genesis 31:27	Why did you run away secretly and deceive me, without even telling me? I would have sent you away with joy and singing, with tambourines and harps.
Genesis 31:28	But you did not even let me kiss my grandchildren and my daughters goodbye. Now you have done a foolish thing.
Genesis 31:29	I have power to do you great harm, but last night the God of your father said to me, ‘Be careful not to say anything to Jacob, either good or bad.’
Genesis 31:30	Now you have gone off because you long for your father’s house. But why have you stolen my gods?”
Genesis 31:31	“I was afraid,” Jacob answered, “for I thought you would take your daughters from me by force.
Genesis 31:32	If you find your gods with anyone here, he shall not live! In the presence of our relatives, see for yourself if anything is yours, and take it back.” For Jacob did not know that Rachel had stolen the idols.
Genesis 31:33	So Laban went into Jacob’s tent, then Leah’s tent, and then the tents of the two maidservants, but he found nothing. Then he left Leah’s tent and entered Rachel’s tent.
Genesis 31:34	Now Rachel had taken Laban’s household idols, put them in the saddlebag of her camel, and was sitting on them. And Laban searched everything in the tent but found nothing.
Genesis 31:35	Rachel said to her father, “Sir, do not be angry that I cannot stand up before you; for I am having my period.” So Laban searched, but could not find the household idols.
Genesis 31:36	Then Jacob became incensed and challenged Laban. “What is my crime?” he said. “For what sin of mine have you so hotly pursued me?
Genesis 31:37	You have searched all my goods! Have you found anything that belongs to you? Put it here before my brothers and yours, that they may judge between the two of us.
Genesis 31:38	I have been with you for twenty years now. Your sheep and goats have not miscarried, nor have I eaten the rams of your flock.
Genesis 31:39	I did not bring you anything torn by wild beasts; I bore the loss myself. And you demanded payment from me for what was stolen by day or night.
Genesis 31:40	As it was, the heat consumed me by day and the frost by night, and sleep fled from my eyes.
Genesis 31:41	Thus for twenty years I have served in your household—fourteen years for your two daughters and six years for your flocks—and you have changed my wages ten times!
Genesis 31:42	If the God of my father, the God of Abraham and the Fear of Isaac, had not been with me, surely by now you would have sent me away empty-handed. But God has seen my affliction and the toil of my hands, and last night He rendered judgment.”
Genesis 31:43	But Laban answered Jacob, “These daughters are my daughters, these sons are my sons, and these flocks are my flocks! Everything you see is mine! Yet what can I do today about these daughters of mine or the children they have borne?
Genesis 31:44	Come now, let us make a covenant, you and I, and let it serve as a witness between you and me.”
Genesis 31:45	So Jacob picked out a stone and set it up as a pillar,
Genesis 31:46	and he said to his relatives, “Gather some stones.” So they took stones and made a mound, and there by the mound they ate.
Genesis 31:47	Laban called it Jegar-sahadutha, and Jacob called it Galeed.
Genesis 31:48	Then Laban declared, “This mound is a witness between you and me this day.” Therefore the place was called Galeed.
Genesis 31:49	It was also called Mizpah, because Laban said, “May the LORD keep watch between you and me when we are absent from each other.
Genesis 31:50	If you mistreat my daughters or take other wives, although no one is with us, remember that God is a witness between you and me.”
Genesis 31:51	Laban also said to Jacob, “Here is the mound, and here is the pillar I have set up between you and me.
Genesis 31:52	This mound is a witness, and this pillar is a witness, that I will not go past this mound to harm you, and you will not go past this mound and pillar to harm me.
Genesis 31:53	May the God of Abraham and the God of Nahor, the God of their father, judge between us.” So Jacob swore by the Fear of his father Isaac.
Genesis 31:54	Then Jacob offered a sacrifice on the mountain and invited his relatives to eat a meal. And after they had eaten, they spent the night on the mountain.
Genesis 31:55	Early the next morning, Laban got up and kissed his grandchildren and daughters and blessed them. Then he left to return home.
Genesis 32:1	Jacob also went on his way, and the angels of God met him.
Genesis 32:2	When Jacob saw them, he said, “This is the camp of God.” So he named that place Mahanaim.
Genesis 32:3	Jacob sent messengers ahead of him to his brother Esau in the land of Seir, the country of Edom.
Genesis 32:4	He instructed them, “You are to say to my master Esau, ‘Your servant Jacob says: I have been staying with Laban and have remained there until now.
Genesis 32:5	I have oxen, donkeys, flocks, menservants, and maidservants. I have sent this message to inform my master, so that I may find favor in your sight.’”
Genesis 32:6	When the messengers returned to Jacob, they said, “We went to your brother Esau, and now he is coming to meet you—he and four hundred men with him.”
Genesis 32:7	In great fear and distress, Jacob divided his people into two camps, as well as the flocks and herds and camels.
Genesis 32:8	He thought, “If Esau comes and attacks one camp, then the other camp can escape.”
Genesis 32:9	Then Jacob declared, “O God of my father Abraham, God of my father Isaac, the LORD who told me, ‘Go back to your country and to your kindred, and I will make you prosper,’
Genesis 32:10	I am unworthy of all the kindness and faithfulness You have shown Your servant. Indeed, with only my staff I came across the Jordan, but now I have become two camps.
Genesis 32:11	Please deliver me from the hand of my brother Esau, for I am afraid that he may come and attack me and the mothers and children with me.
Genesis 32:12	But You have said, ‘I will surely make you prosper, and I will make your offspring like the sand of the sea, too numerous to count.’”
Genesis 32:13	Jacob spent the night there, and from what he had brought with him, he selected a gift for his brother Esau:
Genesis 32:14	200 female goats, 20 male goats, 200 ewes, 20 rams,
Genesis 32:15	30 milk camels with their young, 40 cows, 10 bulls, 20 female donkeys, and 10 male donkeys.
Genesis 32:16	He entrusted them to his servants in separate herds and told them, “Go on ahead of me, and keep some distance between the herds.”
Genesis 32:17	He instructed the one in the lead, “When my brother Esau meets you and asks, ‘To whom do you belong, where are you going, and whose animals are these before you?’
Genesis 32:18	then you are to say, ‘They belong to your servant Jacob. They are a gift, sent to my lord Esau. And behold, Jacob is behind us.’”
Genesis 32:19	He also instructed the second, the third, and all those following behind the herds: “When you meet Esau, you are to say the same thing to him.
Genesis 32:20	You are also to say, ‘Look, your servant Jacob is right behind us.’” For he thought, “I will appease Esau with the gift that is going before me. After that I can face him, and perhaps he will accept me.”
Genesis 32:21	So Jacob’s gifts went on before him, while he spent the night in the camp.
Genesis 32:22	During the night Jacob got up and took his two wives, his two maidservants, and his eleven sons, and crossed the ford of the Jabbok.
Genesis 32:23	He took them and sent them across the stream, along with all his possessions.
Genesis 32:24	So Jacob was left all alone, and there a man wrestled with him until daybreak.
Genesis 32:25	When the man saw that he could not overpower Jacob, he struck the socket of Jacob’s hip and dislocated it as they wrestled.
Genesis 32:26	Then the man said, “Let me go, for it is daybreak.” But Jacob replied, “I will not let you go unless you bless me.”
Genesis 32:27	“What is your name?” the man asked. “Jacob,” he replied.
Genesis 32:28	Then the man said, “Your name will no longer be Jacob, but Israel, because you have struggled with God and with men, and you have prevailed.”
Genesis 32:29	And Jacob requested, “Please tell me your name.” But he replied, “Why do you ask my name?” Then he blessed Jacob there.
Genesis 32:30	So Jacob named the place Peniel, saying, “Indeed, I have seen God face to face, and yet my life was spared.”
Genesis 32:31	The sun rose above him as he passed by Penuel, and he was limping because of his hip.
Genesis 32:32	Therefore to this day the Israelites do not eat the tendon which is at the socket of the hip, because the socket of Jacob’s hip was struck near that tendon.
Genesis 33:1	Now Jacob looked up and saw Esau coming toward him with four hundred men. So he divided the children among Leah, Rachel, and the two maidservants.
Genesis 33:2	He put the maidservants and their children in front, Leah and her children next, and Rachel and Joseph at the rear.
Genesis 33:3	But Jacob himself went on ahead and bowed to the ground seven times as he approached his brother.
Genesis 33:4	Esau, however, ran to him and embraced him, threw his arms around his neck, and kissed him. And they both wept.
Genesis 33:5	When Esau looked up and saw the women and children, he asked, “Who are these with you?” Jacob answered, “These are the children God has graciously given your servant.”
Genesis 33:6	Then the maidservants and their children approached and bowed down.
Genesis 33:7	Leah and her children also approached and bowed down, and then Joseph and Rachel approached and bowed down.
Genesis 33:8	“What do you mean by sending this whole company to meet me?” asked Esau. “To find favor in your sight, my lord,” Jacob answered.
Genesis 33:9	“I already have plenty, my brother,” Esau replied. “Keep what belongs to you.”
Genesis 33:10	But Jacob insisted, “No, please! If I have found favor in your sight, then receive this gift from my hand. For indeed, I have seen your face, and it is like seeing the face of God, since you have received me favorably.
Genesis 33:11	Please accept my gift that was brought to you, because God has been gracious to me and I have all I need.” So Jacob pressed him until he accepted.
Genesis 33:12	Then Esau said, “Let us be on our way, and I will go ahead of you.”
Genesis 33:13	But Jacob replied, “My lord knows that the children are frail, and I must care for sheep and cattle that are nursing their young. If they are driven hard for even a day, all the animals will die.
Genesis 33:14	Please let my lord go ahead of his servant. I will continue on slowly, at a comfortable pace for the livestock and children, until I come to my lord at Seir.”
Genesis 33:15	“Let me leave some of my people with you,” Esau said. But Jacob replied, “Why do that? Let me find favor in the sight of my lord.”
Genesis 33:16	So that day Esau started on his way back to Seir,
Genesis 33:17	but Jacob went on to Succoth, where he built a house for himself and shelters for his livestock; that is why the place was called Succoth.
Genesis 33:18	After Jacob had come from Paddan-aram, he arrived safely at the city of Shechem in the land of Canaan, and he camped just outside the city.
Genesis 33:19	And the plot of ground where he pitched his tent, he purchased from the sons of Hamor, Shechem’s father, for a hundred pieces of silver.
Genesis 33:20	There he set up an altar and called it El-Elohe-Israel.
Genesis 34:1	Now Dinah, the daughter Leah had borne to Jacob, went out to visit the daughters of the land.
Genesis 34:2	When Shechem son of Hamor the Hivite, the prince of the region, saw her, he took her and lay with her by force.
Genesis 34:3	And his soul was drawn to Dinah, the daughter of Jacob. He loved the young girl and spoke to her tenderly.
Genesis 34:4	So Shechem told his father Hamor, “Get me this girl as a wife.”
Genesis 34:5	Jacob heard that Shechem had defiled his daughter Dinah, but since his sons were with his livestock in the field, he remained silent about it until they returned.
Genesis 34:6	Meanwhile, Shechem’s father Hamor came to speak with Jacob.
Genesis 34:7	When Jacob’s sons heard what had happened, they returned from the field. They were filled with grief and fury, because Shechem had committed an outrage in Israel by lying with Jacob’s daughter—a thing that should not be done.
Genesis 34:8	But Hamor said to them, “My son Shechem longs for your daughter. Please give her to him as his wife.
Genesis 34:9	Intermarry with us; give us your daughters, and take our daughters for yourselves.
Genesis 34:10	You may settle among us, and the land will be open to you. Live here, move about freely, and acquire your own property.”
Genesis 34:11	Then Shechem said to Dinah’s father and brothers, “Grant me this favor, and I will give you whatever you ask.
Genesis 34:12	Demand a high dowry and an expensive gift, and I will give you whatever you ask. Only give me the girl as my wife!”
Genesis 34:13	But because Shechem had defiled their sister Dinah, Jacob’s sons answered him and his father Hamor deceitfully.
Genesis 34:14	“We cannot do such a thing,” they said. “To give our sister to an uncircumcised man would be a disgrace to us.
Genesis 34:15	We will consent to this on one condition, that you become circumcised like us—every one of your males.
Genesis 34:16	Then we will give you our daughters and take your daughters for ourselves. We will dwell among you and become one people.
Genesis 34:17	But if you will not agree to be circumcised, then we will take our sister and go.”
Genesis 34:18	Their offer seemed good to Hamor and his son Shechem.
Genesis 34:19	The young man, who was the most respected of all his father’s household, did not hesitate to fulfill this request, because he was delighted with Jacob’s daughter.
Genesis 34:20	So Hamor and his son Shechem went to the gate of their city and addressed the men of their city:
Genesis 34:21	“These men are at peace with us. Let them live and trade in our land; indeed, it is large enough for them. Let us take their daughters in marriage and give our daughters to them.
Genesis 34:22	But only on this condition will the men agree to dwell with us and be one people: if all our men are circumcised as they are.
Genesis 34:23	Will not their livestock, their possessions, and all their animals become ours? Only let us consent to them, and they will dwell among us.”
Genesis 34:24	All the men who went out of the city gate listened to Hamor and his son Shechem, and every male of the city was circumcised.
Genesis 34:25	Three days later, while they were still in pain, two of Jacob’s sons (Dinah’s brothers Simeon and Levi) took their swords, went into the unsuspecting city, and slaughtered every male.
Genesis 34:26	They killed Hamor and his son Shechem with their swords, took Dinah out of Shechem’s house, and went away.
Genesis 34:27	Jacob’s other sons came upon the slaughter and looted the city, because their sister had been defiled.
Genesis 34:28	They took their flocks and herds and donkeys, and everything else in the city or in the field.
Genesis 34:29	They carried off all their possessions and women and children, and they plundered everything in their houses.
Genesis 34:30	Then Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, “You have brought trouble upon me by making me a stench to the Canaanites and Perizzites, the people of this land. We are few in number; if they unite against me and attack me, I and my household will be destroyed.”
Genesis 34:31	But they replied, “Should he have treated our sister like a prostitute?”
Genesis 35:1	Then God said to Jacob, “Arise, go up to Bethel, and settle there. Build an altar there to the God who appeared to you when you fled from your brother Esau.”
Genesis 35:2	So Jacob told his household and all who were with him, “Get rid of the foreign gods that are among you. Purify yourselves and change your garments.
Genesis 35:3	Then let us arise and go to Bethel. I will build an altar there to God, who answered me in my day of distress. He has been with me wherever I have gone.”
Genesis 35:4	So they gave Jacob all their foreign gods and all their earrings, and Jacob buried them under the oak near Shechem.
Genesis 35:5	As they set out, a terror from God fell over the surrounding cities, so that they did not pursue Jacob’s sons.
Genesis 35:6	So Jacob and everyone with him arrived in Luz (that is, Bethel) in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 35:7	There Jacob built an altar, and he called that place El-bethel, because it was there that God had revealed Himself to Jacob as he fled from his brother.
Genesis 35:8	Now Deborah, Rebekah’s nurse, died and was buried under the oak below Bethel. So Jacob named it Allon-bachuth.
Genesis 35:9	After Jacob had returned from Paddan-aram, God appeared to him again and blessed him.
Genesis 35:10	And God said to him, “Though your name is Jacob, you will no longer be called Jacob. Instead, your name will be Israel.” So God named him Israel.
Genesis 35:11	And God told him, “I am God Almighty. Be fruitful and multiply. A nation—even a company of nations—shall come from you, and kings shall descend from you.
Genesis 35:12	The land that I gave to Abraham and Isaac I will give to you, and I will give this land to your descendants after you.”
Genesis 35:13	Then God went up from the place where He had spoken with him.
Genesis 35:14	So Jacob set up a pillar in the place where God had spoken with him—a stone marker—and he poured out a drink offering on it and anointed it with oil.
Genesis 35:15	Jacob called the place where God had spoken with him Bethel.
Genesis 35:16	Later, they set out from Bethel, and while they were still some distance from Ephrath, Rachel began to give birth, and her labor was difficult.
Genesis 35:17	During her severe labor, the midwife said to her, “Do not be afraid, for you are having another son.”
Genesis 35:18	And with her last breath—for she was dying—she named him Ben-oni. But his father called him Benjamin.
Genesis 35:19	So Rachel died and was buried on the way to Ephrath (that is, Bethlehem).
Genesis 35:20	Jacob set up a pillar on her grave; it marks Rachel’s tomb to this day.
Genesis 35:21	Israel again set out and pitched his tent beyond the Tower of Eder.
Genesis 35:22	While Israel was living in that region, Reuben went in and slept with his father’s concubine Bilhah, and Israel heard about it. Jacob had twelve sons:
Genesis 35:23	The sons of Leah were Reuben the firstborn of Jacob, Simeon, Levi, Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun.
Genesis 35:24	The sons of Rachel were Joseph and Benjamin.
Genesis 35:25	The sons of Rachel’s maidservant Bilhah were Dan and Naphtali.
Genesis 35:26	And the sons of Leah’s maidservant Zilpah were Gad and Asher. These are the sons of Jacob, who were born to him in Paddan-aram.
Genesis 35:27	Jacob returned to his father Isaac at Mamre, near Kiriath-arba (that is, Hebron), where Abraham and Isaac had stayed.
Genesis 35:28	And Isaac lived 180 years.
Genesis 35:29	Then he breathed his last and died and was gathered to his people, old and full of years. And his sons Esau and Jacob buried him.
Genesis 36:1	This is the account of Esau (that is, Edom).
Genesis 36:2	Esau took his wives from the daughters of Canaan: Adah daughter of Elon the Hittite, Oholibamah daughter of Anah and granddaughter of Zibeon the Hivite,
Genesis 36:3	and Basemath daughter of Ishmael and sister of Nebaioth.
Genesis 36:4	And Adah bore Eliphaz to Esau, Basemath gave birth to Reuel,
Genesis 36:5	and Oholibamah gave birth to Jeush, Jalam, and Korah. These were the sons of Esau, who were born to him in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 36:6	Later, Esau took his wives and sons and daughters and all the people of his household, along with his livestock, all his other animals, and all the property he had acquired in Canaan, and he moved to a land far away from his brother Jacob.
Genesis 36:7	For their possessions were too great for them to dwell together; the land where they stayed could not support them because of their livestock.
Genesis 36:8	So Esau (that is, Edom) settled in the area of Mount Seir.
Genesis 36:9	This is the account of Esau, the father of the Edomites, in the area of Mount Seir.
Genesis 36:10	These are the names of Esau’s sons: Eliphaz son of Esau’s wife Adah, and Reuel son of Esau’s wife Basemath.
Genesis 36:11	The sons of Eliphaz were Teman, Omar, Zepho, Gatam, and Kenaz.
Genesis 36:12	Additionally, Timna, a concubine of Esau’s son Eliphaz, gave birth to Amalek. These are the grandsons of Esau’s wife Adah.
Genesis 36:13	These are the sons of Reuel: Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah. They are the grandsons of Esau’s wife Basemath.
Genesis 36:14	These are the sons of Esau’s wife Oholibamah (daughter of Anah and granddaughter of Zibeon) whom she bore to Esau: Jeush, Jalam, and Korah.
Genesis 36:15	These are the chiefs among the sons of Esau. The sons of Eliphaz the firstborn of Esau: Chiefs Teman, Omar, Zepho, Kenaz,
Genesis 36:16	Korah, Gatam, and Amalek. They are the chiefs of Eliphaz in the land of Edom, and they are the grandsons of Adah.
Genesis 36:17	These are the sons of Esau’s son Reuel: Chiefs Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah. They are the chiefs descended from Reuel in the land of Edom, and they are the grandsons of Esau’s wife Basemath.
Genesis 36:18	These are the sons of Esau’s wife Oholibamah: Chiefs Jeush, Jalam, and Korah. They are the chiefs descended from Esau’s wife Oholibamah, the daughter of Anah.
Genesis 36:19	All these are the sons of Esau (that is, Edom), and they were their chiefs.
Genesis 36:20	These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who were living in the land: Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, Anah,
Genesis 36:21	Dishon, Ezer, and Dishan. They are the chiefs of the Horites, the descendants of Seir in the land of Edom.
Genesis 36:22	The sons of Lotan were Hori and Hemam. Timna was Lotan’s sister.
Genesis 36:23	These are the sons of Shobal: Alvan, Manahath, Ebal, Shepho, and Onam.
Genesis 36:24	These are the sons of Zibeon: Aiah and Anah. (This is the Anah who found the hot springs in the wilderness as he was pasturing the donkeys of his father Zibeon.)
Genesis 36:25	These are the children of Anah: Dishon and Oholibamah daughter of Anah.
Genesis 36:26	These are the sons of Dishon: Hemdan, Eshban, Ithran, and Cheran.
Genesis 36:27	These are the sons of Ezer: Bilhan, Zaavan, and Akan.
Genesis 36:28	These are the sons of Dishan: Uz and Aran.
Genesis 36:29	These are the chiefs of the Horites: Chiefs Lotan, Shobal, Zibeon, Anah,
Genesis 36:30	Dishon, Ezer, and Dishan. They are the chiefs of the Horites, according to their divisions in the land of Seir.
Genesis 36:31	These are the kings who reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the Israelites:
Genesis 36:32	Bela son of Beor reigned in Edom; the name of his city was Dinhabah.
Genesis 36:33	When Bela died, Jobab son of Zerah from Bozrah reigned in his place.
Genesis 36:34	When Jobab died, Husham from the land of the Temanites reigned in his place.
Genesis 36:35	When Husham died, Hadad son of Bedad, who defeated Midian in the country of Moab, reigned in his place. And the name of his city was Avith.
Genesis 36:36	When Hadad died, Samlah from Masrekah reigned in his place.
Genesis 36:37	When Samlah died, Shaul from Rehoboth on the Euphrates reigned in his place.
Genesis 36:38	When Shaul died, Baal-hanan son of Achbor reigned in his place.
Genesis 36:39	When Baal-hanan son of Achbor died, Hadad reigned in his place. His city was named Pau, and his wife’s name was Mehetabel daughter of Matred, the daughter of Me-zahab.
Genesis 36:40	These are the names of Esau’s chiefs, according to their families and regions, by their names: Chiefs Timna, Alvah, Jetheth,
Genesis 36:41	Oholibamah, Elah, Pinon,
Genesis 36:42	Kenaz, Teman, Mibzar,
Genesis 36:43	Magdiel, and Iram. These were the chiefs of Edom, according to their settlements in the land they possessed. Esau was the father of the Edomites.
Genesis 37:1	Now Jacob lived in the land where his father had resided, the land of Canaan.
Genesis 37:2	This is the account of Jacob. When Joseph was seventeen years old, he was tending the flock with his brothers, the sons of his father’s wives Bilhah and Zilpah, and he brought their father a bad report about them.
Genesis 37:3	Now Israel loved Joseph more than his other sons, because Joseph had been born to him in his old age; so he made him a robe of many colors.
Genesis 37:4	When Joseph’s brothers saw that their father loved him more than any of them, they hated him and could not speak a kind word to him.
Genesis 37:5	Then Joseph had a dream, and when he told it to his brothers, they hated him even more.
Genesis 37:6	He said to them, “Listen to this dream I had:
Genesis 37:7	We were binding sheaves of grain in the field, and suddenly my sheaf rose and stood upright, while your sheaves gathered around and bowed down to mine.”
Genesis 37:8	“Do you intend to reign over us?” his brothers asked. “Will you actually rule us?” So they hated him even more because of his dream and his statements.
Genesis 37:9	Then Joseph had another dream and told it to his brothers. “Look,” he said, “I had another dream, and this time the sun and moon and eleven stars were bowing down to me.”
Genesis 37:10	He told his father and brothers, but his father rebuked him and said, “What is this dream that you have had? Will your mother and brothers and I actually come and bow down to the ground before you?”
Genesis 37:11	And his brothers were jealous of him, but his father kept in mind what he had said.
Genesis 37:12	Some time later, Joseph’s brothers had gone to pasture their father’s flocks near Shechem.
Genesis 37:13	Israel said to him, “Are not your brothers pasturing the flocks at Shechem? Get ready; I am sending you to them.” “I am ready,” Joseph replied.
Genesis 37:14	Then Israel told him, “Go now and see how your brothers and the flocks are faring, and bring word back to me.” So he sent him off from the Valley of Hebron. And when Joseph arrived in Shechem,
Genesis 37:15	a man found him wandering in the field and asked, “What are you looking for?”
Genesis 37:16	“I am looking for my brothers,” Joseph replied. “Can you please tell me where they are pasturing their flocks?”
Genesis 37:17	“They have moved on from here,” the man answered. “I heard them say, ‘Let us go to Dothan.’” So Joseph set out after his brothers and found them at Dothan.
Genesis 37:18	Now Joseph’s brothers saw him in the distance, and before he arrived, they plotted to kill him.
Genesis 37:19	“Here comes that dreamer!” they said to one another.
Genesis 37:20	“Come now, let us kill him and throw him into one of the pits. We can say that a vicious animal has devoured him. Then we shall see what becomes of his dreams!”
Genesis 37:21	When Reuben heard this, he tried to rescue Joseph from their hands. “Let us not take his life,” he said.
Genesis 37:22	“Do not shed his blood. Throw him into this pit in the wilderness, but do not lay a hand on him.” Reuben said this so that he could rescue Joseph from their hands and return him to his father.
Genesis 37:23	So when Joseph came to his brothers, they stripped him of his robe—the robe of many colors he was wearing—
Genesis 37:24	and they took him and threw him into the pit. Now the pit was empty, with no water in it.
Genesis 37:25	And as they sat down to eat a meal, they looked up and saw a caravan of Ishmaelites coming from Gilead. Their camels were carrying spices, balm, and myrrh on their way down to Egypt.
Genesis 37:26	Then Judah said to his brothers, “What profit will we gain if we kill our brother and cover up his blood?
Genesis 37:27	Come, let us sell him to the Ishmaelites and not lay a hand on him; for he is our brother, our own flesh.” And they agreed.
Genesis 37:28	So when the Midianite traders passed by, his brothers pulled Joseph out of the pit and sold him for twenty shekels of silver to the Ishmaelites, who took him to Egypt.
Genesis 37:29	When Reuben returned to the pit and saw that Joseph was not there, he tore his clothes,
Genesis 37:30	returned to his brothers, and said, “The boy is gone! What am I going to do?”
Genesis 37:31	Then they took Joseph’s robe, slaughtered a young goat, and dipped the robe in its blood.
Genesis 37:32	They sent the robe of many colors to their father and said, “We found this. Examine it to see whether it is your son’s robe or not.”
Genesis 37:33	His father recognized it and said, “It is my son’s robe! A vicious animal has devoured him. Joseph has surely been torn to pieces!”
Genesis 37:34	Then Jacob tore his clothes, put sackcloth around his waist, and mourned for his son many days.
Genesis 37:35	All his sons and daughters tried to comfort him, but he refused to be comforted. “No,” he said. “I will go down to Sheol mourning for my son.” So his father wept for him.
Genesis 37:36	Meanwhile, the Midianites sold Joseph in Egypt to Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh and captain of the guard.
Genesis 38:1	About that time, Judah left his brothers and settled near a man named Hirah, an Adullamite.
Genesis 38:2	There Judah saw the daughter of a Canaanite man named Shua, and he took her as a wife and slept with her.
Genesis 38:3	So she conceived and gave birth to a son, and Judah named him Er.
Genesis 38:4	Again she conceived and gave birth to a son, and she named him Onan.
Genesis 38:5	Then she gave birth to another son and named him Shelah; it was at Chezib that she gave birth to him.
Genesis 38:6	Now Judah acquired a wife for Er, his firstborn, and her name was Tamar.
Genesis 38:7	But Er, Judah’s firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; so the LORD put him to death.
Genesis 38:8	Then Judah said to Onan, “Sleep with your brother’s wife. Perform your duty as her brother-in-law and raise up offspring for your brother.”
Genesis 38:9	But Onan knew that the offspring would not belong to him; so whenever he would sleep with his brother’s wife, he would spill his seed on the ground so that he would not produce offspring for his brother.
Genesis 38:10	What he did was wicked in the sight of the LORD, so He put Onan to death as well.
Genesis 38:11	Then Judah said to his daughter-in-law Tamar, “Live as a widow in your father’s house until my son Shelah grows up.” For he thought, “He may die too, like his brothers.” So Tamar went to live in her father’s house.
Genesis 38:12	After a long time Judah’s wife, the daughter of Shua, died. When Judah had finished mourning, he and his friend Hirah the Adullamite went up to his sheepshearers at Timnah.
Genesis 38:13	When Tamar was told, “Your father-in-law is going up to Timnah to shear his sheep,”
Genesis 38:14	she removed her widow’s garments, covered her face with a veil to disguise herself, and sat at the entrance to Enaim, which is on the way to Timnah. For she saw that although Shelah had grown up, she had not been given to him as a wife.
Genesis 38:15	When Judah saw her, he thought she was a prostitute because she had covered her face.
Genesis 38:16	Not realizing that she was his daughter-in-law, he went over to her and said, “Come now, let me sleep with you.” “What will you give me for sleeping with you?” she inquired.
Genesis 38:17	“I will send you a young goat from my flock,” Judah answered. But she replied, “Only if you leave me something as a pledge until you send it.”
Genesis 38:18	“What pledge should I give you?” he asked. She answered, “Your seal and your cord, and the staff in your hand.” So he gave them to her and slept with her, and she became pregnant by him.
Genesis 38:19	Then Tamar got up and departed. And she removed her veil and put on her widow’s garments again.
Genesis 38:20	Now when Judah sent his friend Hirah the Adullamite with the young goat to collect the items he had left with the woman, he could not find her.
Genesis 38:21	He asked the men of that place, “Where is the shrine prostitute who was beside the road at Enaim?” “No shrine prostitute has been here,” they answered.
Genesis 38:22	So Hirah returned to Judah and said, “I could not find her, and furthermore, the men of that place said, ‘No shrine prostitute has been here.’”
Genesis 38:23	“Let her keep the items,” Judah replied. “Otherwise we will become a laughingstock. After all, I did send her this young goat, but you could not find her.”
Genesis 38:24	About three months later, Judah was told, “Your daughter-in-law Tamar has prostituted herself, and now she is pregnant.” “Bring her out!” Judah replied. “Let her be burned to death!”
Genesis 38:25	As she was being brought out, Tamar sent a message to her father-in-law: “I am pregnant by the man to whom these items belong.” And she added, “Please examine them. Whose seal and cord and staff are these?”
Genesis 38:26	Judah recognized the items and said, “She is more righteous than I, since I did not give her to my son Shelah.” And he did not have relations with her again.
Genesis 38:27	When the time came for Tamar to give birth, there were twins in her womb.
Genesis 38:28	And as she was giving birth, one of them put out his hand; so the midwife took a scarlet thread and tied it around his wrist. “This one came out first,” she announced.
Genesis 38:29	But when he pulled his hand back and his brother came out, she said, “You have broken out first!” So he was named Perez.
Genesis 38:30	Then his brother came out with the scarlet thread around his wrist, and he was named Zerah.
Genesis 39:1	Meanwhile, Joseph had been taken down to Egypt, where an Egyptian named Potiphar, an officer of Pharaoh and captain of the guard, bought him from the Ishmaelites who had taken him there.
Genesis 39:2	And the LORD was with Joseph, and he became a successful man, serving in the household of his Egyptian master.
Genesis 39:3	When his master saw that the LORD was with him and made him prosper in all he did,
Genesis 39:4	Joseph found favor in his sight and became his personal attendant. Potiphar put him in charge of his household and entrusted him with everything he owned.
Genesis 39:5	From the time that he put Joseph in charge of his household and all he owned, the LORD blessed the Egyptian’s household on account of him. The LORD’s blessing was on everything he owned, both in his house and in his field.
Genesis 39:6	So Potiphar left all that he owned in Joseph’s care; he did not concern himself with anything except the food he ate. Now Joseph was well-built and handsome,
Genesis 39:7	and after some time his master’s wife cast her eyes upon Joseph and said, “Sleep with me.”
Genesis 39:8	But he refused. “Look,” he said to his master’s wife, “with me here, my master does not concern himself with anything in his house, and he has entrusted everything he owns to my care.
Genesis 39:9	No one in this house is greater than I am. He has withheld nothing from me except you, because you are his wife. So how could I do such a great evil and sin against God?”
Genesis 39:10	Although Potiphar’s wife spoke to Joseph day after day, he refused to go to bed with her or even be near her.
Genesis 39:11	One day, however, Joseph went into the house to attend to his work, and not a single household servant was inside.
Genesis 39:12	She grabbed Joseph by his cloak and said, “Sleep with me!” But leaving his cloak in her hand, he escaped and ran outside.
Genesis 39:13	When she saw that he had left his cloak in her hand and had run out of the house,
Genesis 39:14	she called her household servants. “Look,” she said, “this Hebrew has been brought to us to make sport of us. He came to me so he could sleep with me, but I screamed as loud as I could.
Genesis 39:15	When he heard me scream for help, he left his cloak beside me and ran out of the house.”
Genesis 39:16	So Potiphar’s wife kept Joseph’s cloak beside her until his master came home.
Genesis 39:17	Then she told him the same story: “The Hebrew slave you brought us came to me to make sport of me,
Genesis 39:18	but when I screamed for help, he left his cloak beside me and ran out of the house.”
Genesis 39:19	When his master heard the story his wife told him, saying, “This is what your slave did to me,” he burned with anger.
Genesis 39:20	So Joseph’s master took him and had him thrown into the prison where the king’s prisoners were confined. While Joseph was there in the prison,
Genesis 39:21	the LORD was with him and extended kindness to him, granting him favor in the eyes of the prison warden.
Genesis 39:22	And the warden put all the prisoners under Joseph’s care, so that he was responsible for all that was done in the prison.
Genesis 39:23	The warden did not concern himself with anything under Joseph’s care, because the LORD was with Joseph and gave him success in whatever he did.
Genesis 40:1	Some time later, the king’s cupbearer and baker offended their master, the king of Egypt.
Genesis 40:2	Pharaoh was angry with his two officers, the chief cupbearer and the chief baker,
Genesis 40:3	and imprisoned them in the house of the captain of the guard, the same prison where Joseph was confined.
Genesis 40:4	The captain of the guard assigned them to Joseph, and he became their personal attendant. After they had been in custody for some time,
Genesis 40:5	both of these men—the Egyptian king’s cupbearer and baker, who were being held in the prison—had a dream on the same night, and each dream had its own meaning.
Genesis 40:6	When Joseph came to them in the morning, he saw that they were distraught.
Genesis 40:7	So he asked the officials of Pharaoh who were in custody with him in his master’s house, “Why are your faces so downcast today?”
Genesis 40:8	“We both had dreams,” they replied, “but there is no one to interpret them.” Then Joseph said to them, “Don’t interpretations belong to God? Tell me your dreams.”
Genesis 40:9	So the chief cupbearer told Joseph his dream: “In my dream there was a vine before me,
Genesis 40:10	and on the vine were three branches. As it budded, its blossoms opened and its clusters ripened into grapes.
Genesis 40:11	Pharaoh’s cup was in my hand, and I took the grapes, squeezed them into his cup, and placed the cup in his hand.”
Genesis 40:12	Joseph replied, “This is the interpretation: The three branches are three days.
Genesis 40:13	Within three days Pharaoh will lift up your head and restore your position. You will put Pharaoh’s cup in his hand, just as you did when you were his cupbearer.
Genesis 40:14	But when it goes well for you, please remember me and show me kindness by mentioning me to Pharaoh, that he might bring me out of this prison.
Genesis 40:15	For I was kidnapped from the land of the Hebrews, and even here I have done nothing for which they should have put me in this dungeon.”
Genesis 40:16	When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was favorable, he said to Joseph, “I too had a dream: There were three baskets of white bread on my head.
Genesis 40:17	In the top basket were all sorts of baked goods for Pharaoh, but the birds were eating them out of the basket on my head.”
Genesis 40:18	Joseph replied, “This is the interpretation: The three baskets are three days.
Genesis 40:19	Within three days Pharaoh will lift off your head and hang you on a tree. Then the birds will eat the flesh of your body.”
Genesis 40:20	On the third day, which was Pharaoh’s birthday, he held a feast for all his officials, and in their presence he lifted up the heads of the chief cupbearer and the chief baker.
Genesis 40:21	Pharaoh restored the chief cupbearer to his position, so that he once again placed the cup in Pharaoh’s hand.
Genesis 40:22	But Pharaoh hanged the chief baker, just as Joseph had described to them in his interpretation.
Genesis 40:23	The chief cupbearer, however, did not remember Joseph; he forgot all about him.
Genesis 41:1	After two full years had passed, Pharaoh had a dream: He was standing beside the Nile,
Genesis 41:2	when seven cows, sleek and well-fed, came up from the river and began to graze among the reeds.
Genesis 41:3	After them, seven other cows, sickly and thin, came up from the Nile and stood beside the well-fed cows on the bank of the river.
Genesis 41:4	And the cows that were sickly and thin devoured the seven sleek, well-fed cows. Then Pharaoh woke up,
Genesis 41:5	but he fell back asleep and dreamed a second time: Seven heads of grain, plump and ripe, came up on one stalk.
Genesis 41:6	After them, seven other heads of grain sprouted, thin and scorched by the east wind.
Genesis 41:7	And the thin heads of grain swallowed up the seven plump, ripe ones. Then Pharaoh awoke and realized it was a dream.
Genesis 41:8	In the morning his spirit was troubled, so he summoned all the magicians and wise men of Egypt. Pharaoh told them his dreams, but no one could interpret them for him.
Genesis 41:9	Then the chief cupbearer said to Pharaoh, “Today I recall my failures.
Genesis 41:10	Pharaoh was once angry with his servants, and he put me and the chief baker in the custody of the captain of the guard.
Genesis 41:11	One night both the chief baker and I had dreams, and each dream had its own meaning.
Genesis 41:12	Now a young Hebrew was there with us, a servant of the captain of the guard. We told him our dreams and he interpreted them for us individually.
Genesis 41:13	And it happened to us just as he had interpreted: I was restored to my position, and the other man was hanged.”
Genesis 41:14	So Pharaoh sent for Joseph, who was quickly brought out of the dungeon. After he had shaved and changed his clothes, he went in before Pharaoh.
Genesis 41:15	Pharaoh said to Joseph, “I had a dream, and no one can interpret it. But I have heard it said of you that when you hear a dream you can interpret it.”
Genesis 41:16	“I myself cannot do it,” Joseph replied, “but God will give Pharaoh a sound answer.”
Genesis 41:17	Then Pharaoh said to Joseph: “In my dream I was standing on the bank of the Nile,
Genesis 41:18	when seven cows, well-fed and sleek, came up from the river and began to graze among the reeds.
Genesis 41:19	After them, seven other cows—sickly, ugly, and thin—came up. I have never seen such ugly cows in all the land of Egypt!
Genesis 41:20	Then the thin, ugly cows devoured the seven well-fed cows that were there first.
Genesis 41:21	When they had devoured them, however, no one could tell that they had done so; their appearance was as ugly as it had been before. Then I awoke.
Genesis 41:22	In my dream I also saw seven heads of grain, plump and ripe, growing on a single stalk.
Genesis 41:23	After them, seven other heads of grain sprouted—withered, thin, and scorched by the east wind.
Genesis 41:24	And the thin heads of grain swallowed the seven plump ones. I told this dream to the magicians, but no one could explain it to me.”
Genesis 41:25	At this, Joseph said to Pharaoh, “The dreams of Pharaoh are one and the same. God has revealed to Pharaoh what He is about to do.
Genesis 41:26	The seven good cows are seven years, and the seven ripe heads of grain are seven years. The dreams have the same meaning.
Genesis 41:27	Moreover, the seven thin, ugly cows that came up after them are seven years, and so are the seven worthless heads of grain scorched by the east wind—they are seven years of famine.
Genesis 41:28	It is just as I said to Pharaoh: God has shown Pharaoh what He is about to do.
Genesis 41:29	Behold, seven years of great abundance are coming throughout the land of Egypt,
Genesis 41:30	but seven years of famine will follow them. Then all the abundance in the land of Egypt will be forgotten, and the famine will devastate the land.
Genesis 41:31	The abundance in the land will not be remembered, since the famine that follows it will be so severe.
Genesis 41:32	Moreover, because the dream was given to Pharaoh in two versions, the matter has been decreed by God, and He will carry it out shortly.
Genesis 41:33	Now, therefore, Pharaoh should look for a discerning and wise man and set him over the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:34	Let Pharaoh take action and appoint commissioners over the land to take a fifth of the harvest of Egypt during the seven years of abundance.
Genesis 41:35	Under the authority of Pharaoh, let them collect all the excess food from these good years, that they may come and lay up the grain to be preserved as food in the cities.
Genesis 41:36	This food will be a reserve for the land during the seven years of famine to come upon the land of Egypt. Then the country will not perish in the famine.”
Genesis 41:37	This proposal pleased Pharaoh and all his officials.
Genesis 41:38	So Pharaoh asked them, “Can we find anyone like this man, in whom the Spirit of God abides?”
Genesis 41:39	Then Pharaoh said to Joseph, “Since God has made all this known to you, there is no one as discerning and wise as you.
Genesis 41:40	You shall be in charge of my house, and all my people are to obey your commands. Only with regard to the throne will I be greater than you.”
Genesis 41:41	Pharaoh also told Joseph, “I hereby place you over all the land of Egypt.”
Genesis 41:42	Then Pharaoh removed the signet ring from his finger, put it on Joseph’s finger, clothed him in garments of fine linen, and placed a gold chain around his neck.
Genesis 41:43	He had Joseph ride in his second chariot, with men calling out before him, “Bow the knee!” So he placed him over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:44	And Pharaoh declared to Joseph, “I am Pharaoh, but without your permission, no one in all the land of Egypt shall lift his hand or foot.”
Genesis 41:45	Pharaoh gave Joseph the name Zaphenath-paneah, and he gave him Asenath daughter of Potiphera, priest of On, to be his wife. And Joseph took charge of all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:46	Now Joseph was thirty years old when he entered the service of Pharaoh king of Egypt. And Joseph left Pharaoh’s presence and traveled throughout the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:47	During the seven years of abundance, the land brought forth bountifully.
Genesis 41:48	During those seven years, Joseph collected all the excess food in the land of Egypt and stored it in the cities. In every city he laid up the food from the fields around it.
Genesis 41:49	So Joseph stored up grain in such abundance, like the sand of the sea, that he stopped keeping track of it; for it was beyond measure.
Genesis 41:50	Before the years of famine arrived, two sons were born to Joseph by Asenath daughter of Potiphera, priest of On.
Genesis 41:51	Joseph named the firstborn Manasseh, saying, “God has made me forget all my hardship and all my father’s household.”
Genesis 41:52	And the second son he named Ephraim, saying, “God has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction.”
Genesis 41:53	When the seven years of abundance in the land of Egypt came to an end,
Genesis 41:54	the seven years of famine began, just as Joseph had said. And although there was famine in every country, there was food throughout the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:55	When extreme hunger came to all the land of Egypt and the people cried out to Pharaoh for food, he told all the Egyptians, “Go to Joseph and do whatever he tells you.”
Genesis 41:56	When the famine had spread over all the land, Joseph opened up all the storehouses and sold grain to the Egyptians; for the famine was severe in the land of Egypt.
Genesis 41:57	And every nation came to Joseph in Egypt to buy grain, because the famine was severe over all the earth.
Genesis 42:1	When Jacob learned that there was grain in Egypt, he said to his sons, “Why are you staring at one another?”
Genesis 42:2	“Look,” he added, “I have heard that there is grain in Egypt. Go down there and buy some for us, so that we may live and not die.”
Genesis 42:3	So ten of Joseph’s brothers went down to buy grain from Egypt.
Genesis 42:4	But Jacob did not send Joseph’s brother Benjamin with his brothers, for he said, “I am afraid that harm might befall him.”
Genesis 42:5	So the sons of Israel were among those who came to buy grain, since the famine had also spread to the land of Canaan.
Genesis 42:6	Now Joseph was the ruler of the land; he was the one who sold grain to all its people. So when his brothers arrived, they bowed down before him with their faces to the ground.
Genesis 42:7	And when Joseph saw his brothers, he recognized them, but he treated them as strangers and spoke harshly to them. “Where have you come from?” he asked. “From the land of Canaan,” they replied. “We are here to buy food.”
Genesis 42:8	Although Joseph recognized his brothers, they did not recognize him.
Genesis 42:9	Joseph remembered his dreams about them and said, “You are spies! You have come to see if our land is vulnerable.”
Genesis 42:10	“Not so, my lord,” they replied. “Your servants have come to buy food.
Genesis 42:11	We are all sons of one man. Your servants are honest men, not spies.”
Genesis 42:12	“No,” he told them. “You have come to see if our land is vulnerable.”
Genesis 42:13	But they answered, “Your servants are twelve brothers, the sons of one man in the land of Canaan. The youngest is now with our father, and one is no more.”
Genesis 42:14	Then Joseph declared, “Just as I said, you are spies!
Genesis 42:15	And this is how you will be tested: As surely as Pharaoh lives, you shall not leave this place unless your youngest brother comes here.
Genesis 42:16	Send one of your number to get your brother; the rest of you will be confined so that the truth of your words may be tested. If they are untrue, then as surely as Pharaoh lives, you are spies!”
Genesis 42:17	So Joseph imprisoned them for three days,
Genesis 42:18	and on the third day he said to them, “I fear God. So do this and you will live:
Genesis 42:19	If you are honest, leave one of your brothers in custody while the rest of you go and take back grain to relieve the hunger of your households.
Genesis 42:20	Then bring your youngest brother to me so that your words can be verified, that you may not die.” And to this they consented.
Genesis 42:21	Then they said to one another, “Surely we are being punished because of our brother. We saw his anguish when he pleaded with us, but we would not listen. That is why this distress has come upon us.”
Genesis 42:22	And Reuben responded, “Didn’t I tell you not to sin against the boy? But you would not listen. Now we must account for his blood!”
Genesis 42:23	They did not realize that Joseph understood them, since there was an interpreter between them.
Genesis 42:24	And he turned away from them and wept. When he turned back and spoke to them, he took Simeon from them and had him bound before their eyes.
Genesis 42:25	Then Joseph gave orders to fill their bags with grain, to return each man’s silver to his sack, and to give them provisions for their journey. This order was carried out,
Genesis 42:26	and they loaded the grain on their donkeys and departed.
Genesis 42:27	At the place where they lodged for the night, one of them opened his sack to get feed for his donkey, and he saw his silver in the mouth of the sack.
Genesis 42:28	“My silver has been returned!” he said to his brothers. “It is here in my sack.” Their hearts sank, and trembling, they turned to one another and said, “What is this that God has done to us?”
Genesis 42:29	When they reached their father Jacob in the land of Canaan, they described to him all that had happened to them:
Genesis 42:30	“The man who is lord of the land spoke harshly to us and accused us of spying on the country.
Genesis 42:31	But we told him, ‘We are honest men, not spies.
Genesis 42:32	We are twelve brothers, sons of one father. One is no more, and the youngest is now with our father in the land of Canaan.’
Genesis 42:33	Then the man who is lord of the land said to us, ‘This is how I will know whether you are honest: Leave one brother with me, take food to relieve the hunger of your households, and go.
Genesis 42:34	But bring your youngest brother back to me so I will know that you are not spies but honest men. Then I will give your brother back to you, and you can trade in the land.’”
Genesis 42:35	As they began emptying their sacks, there in each man’s sack was his bag of silver! And when they and their father saw the bags of silver, they were dismayed.
Genesis 42:36	Their father Jacob said to them, “You have deprived me of my sons. Joseph is gone and Simeon is no more. Now you want to take Benjamin. Everything is going against me!”
Genesis 42:37	Then Reuben said to his father, “You may kill my two sons if I fail to bring him back to you. Put him in my care, and I will return him.”
Genesis 42:38	But Jacob replied, “My son will not go down there with you, for his brother is dead, and he alone is left. If any harm comes to him on your journey, you will bring my gray hair down to Sheol in sorrow.”
Genesis 43:1	Now the famine was still severe in the land.
Genesis 43:2	So when Jacob’s sons had eaten all the grain they had brought from Egypt, their father said to them, “Go back and buy us a little more food.”
Genesis 43:3	But Judah replied, “The man solemnly warned us, ‘You will not see my face again unless your brother is with you.’
Genesis 43:4	If you will send our brother with us, we will go down and buy food for you.
Genesis 43:5	But if you will not send him, we will not go; for the man told us, ‘You will not see my face again unless your brother is with you.’”
Genesis 43:6	“Why did you bring this trouble upon me?” Israel asked. “Why did you tell the man you had another brother?”
Genesis 43:7	They replied, “The man questioned us in detail about ourselves and our family: ‘Is your father still alive? Do you have another brother?’ And we answered him accordingly. How could we possibly know that he would say, ‘Bring your brother here’?”
Genesis 43:8	And Judah said to his father Israel, “Send the boy with me, and we will go at once, so that we may live and not die—neither we, nor you, nor our children.
Genesis 43:9	I will guarantee his safety. You may hold me personally responsible. If I do not bring him back and set him before you, then may I bear the guilt before you all my life.
Genesis 43:10	If we had not delayed, we could have come and gone twice by now.”
Genesis 43:11	Then their father Israel said to them, “If it must be so, then do this: Put some of the best products of the land in your packs and carry them down as a gift for the man—a little balm and a little honey, spices and myrrh, pistachios and almonds.
Genesis 43:12	Take double the silver with you so that you may return the silver that was put back into the mouths of your sacks. Perhaps it was a mistake.
Genesis 43:13	Take your brother as well, and return to the man at once.
Genesis 43:14	May God Almighty grant you mercy before the man, that he may release your other brother along with Benjamin. As for me, if I am bereaved, I am bereaved.”
Genesis 43:15	So the men took these gifts, along with double the amount of silver, and Benjamin as well. Then they hurried down to Egypt and stood before Joseph.
Genesis 43:16	When Joseph saw Benjamin with his brothers, he said to the steward of his house, “Take these men to my house. Slaughter an animal and prepare it, for they shall dine with me at noon.”
Genesis 43:17	The man did as Joseph had commanded and took the brothers to Joseph’s house.
Genesis 43:18	But the brothers were frightened that they had been taken to Joseph’s house. “We have been brought here because of the silver that was returned in our bags the first time,” they said. “They intend to overpower us and take us as slaves, along with our donkeys.”
Genesis 43:19	So they approached Joseph’s steward and spoke to him at the entrance to the house.
Genesis 43:20	“Please, sir,” they said, “we really did come down here the first time to buy food.
Genesis 43:21	But when we came to the place we lodged for the night, we opened our sacks and, behold, each of us found his silver in the mouth of his sack! It was the full amount of our silver, and we have brought it back with us.
Genesis 43:22	We have brought additional silver with us to buy food. We do not know who put our silver in our sacks.”
Genesis 43:23	“It is fine,” said the steward. “Do not be afraid. Your God, the God of your father, gave you the treasure that was in your sacks. I received your silver.” Then he brought Simeon out to them.
Genesis 43:24	And the steward took the men into Joseph’s house, gave them water to wash their feet, and provided food for their donkeys.
Genesis 43:25	Since the brothers had been told that they were going to eat a meal there, they prepared their gift for Joseph’s arrival at noon.
Genesis 43:26	When Joseph came home, they presented him with the gifts they had brought, and they bowed to the ground before him.
Genesis 43:27	He asked if they were well, and then he asked, “How is your elderly father you told me about? Is he still alive?”
Genesis 43:28	“Your servant our father is well,” they answered. “He is still alive.” And they bowed down to honor him.
Genesis 43:29	When Joseph looked up and saw his brother Benjamin, his own mother’s son, he asked, “Is this your youngest brother, the one you told me about?” Then he declared, “May God be gracious to you, my son.”
Genesis 43:30	Joseph hurried out because he was moved to tears for his brother, and he went to a private room to weep.
Genesis 43:31	Then he washed his face and came back out. Regaining his composure, he said, “Serve the meal.”
Genesis 43:32	They separately served Joseph, his brothers, and the Egyptians. They ate separately because the Egyptians would not eat with the Hebrews, since that was detestable to them.
Genesis 43:33	They were seated before Joseph in order by age, from the firstborn to the youngest, and the men looked at one another in astonishment.
Genesis 43:34	When the portions were served to them from Joseph’s table, Benjamin’s portion was five times larger than any of the others. So they feasted and drank freely with Joseph.
Genesis 44:1	Then Joseph instructed his steward: “Fill the men’s sacks with as much food as they can carry, and put each one’s silver in the mouth of his sack.
Genesis 44:2	Put my cup, the silver one, in the mouth of the youngest one’s sack, along with the silver for his grain.” So the steward did as Joseph had instructed.
Genesis 44:3	At daybreak, the men were sent on their way with their donkeys.
Genesis 44:4	They had not gone far from the city when Joseph told his steward, “Pursue the men at once, and when you overtake them, ask, ‘Why have you repaid good with evil?
Genesis 44:5	Is this not the cup my master drinks from and uses for divination? What you have done is wicked!’”
Genesis 44:6	When the steward overtook them, he relayed these words to them.
Genesis 44:7	“Why does my lord say these things?” they asked. “Your servants could not possibly do such a thing.
Genesis 44:8	We even brought back to you from the land of Canaan the silver we found in the mouths of our sacks. Why would we steal silver or gold from your master’s house?
Genesis 44:9	If any of your servants is found to have it, he must die, and the rest will become slaves of my lord.”
Genesis 44:10	“As you say,” replied the steward. “But only the one who is found with the cup will be my slave, and the rest of you shall be free of blame.”
Genesis 44:11	So each one quickly lowered his sack to the ground and opened it.
Genesis 44:12	The steward searched, beginning with the oldest and ending with the youngest—and the cup was found in Benjamin’s sack.
Genesis 44:13	Then they all tore their clothes, loaded their donkeys, and returned to the city.
Genesis 44:14	When Judah and his brothers arrived at Joseph’s house, he was still there, and they fell to the ground before him.
Genesis 44:15	“What is this deed you have done?” Joseph declared. “Do you not know that a man like me can surely divine the truth?”
Genesis 44:16	“What can we say to my lord?” Judah replied. “How can we plead? How can we justify ourselves? God has exposed the iniquity of your servants. We are now my lord’s slaves—both we and the one who was found with the cup.”
Genesis 44:17	But Joseph replied, “Far be it from me to do this. The man who was found with the cup will be my slave. The rest of you may return to your father in peace.”
Genesis 44:18	Then Judah approached Joseph and said, “Sir, please let your servant speak personally to my lord. Do not be angry with your servant, for you are equal to Pharaoh himself.
Genesis 44:19	My lord asked his servants, ‘Do you have a father or a brother?’
Genesis 44:20	And we answered, ‘We have an elderly father and a younger brother, the child of his old age. The boy’s brother is dead. He is the only one of his mother’s sons left, and his father loves him.’
Genesis 44:21	Then you told your servants, ‘Bring him down to me so that I can see him for myself.’
Genesis 44:22	So we said to my lord, ‘The boy cannot leave his father. If he were to leave, his father would die.’
Genesis 44:23	But you said to your servants, ‘Unless your younger brother comes down with you, you will not see my face again.’
Genesis 44:24	Now when we returned to your servant my father, we relayed your words to him.
Genesis 44:25	Then our father said, ‘Go back and buy us some food.’
Genesis 44:26	But we answered, ‘We cannot go down there unless our younger brother goes with us. So if our younger brother is not with us, we cannot see the man.’
Genesis 44:27	And your servant my father said to us, ‘You know that my wife bore me two sons.
Genesis 44:28	When one of them was gone, I said: “Surely he has been torn to pieces.” And I have not seen him since.
Genesis 44:29	Now if you also take this one from me and harm comes to him, you will bring my gray hair down to Sheol in sorrow.’
Genesis 44:30	So if the boy is not with us when I return to your servant, and if my father, whose life is wrapped up in the boy’s life,
Genesis 44:31	sees that the boy is not with us, he will die. Then your servants will have brought the gray hair of your servant our father down to Sheol in sorrow.
Genesis 44:32	Indeed, your servant guaranteed the boy’s safety to my father, saying, ‘If I do not return him to you, I will bear the guilt before you, my father, all my life.’
Genesis 44:33	Now please let your servant stay here as my lord’s slave in place of the boy. Let him return with his brothers.
Genesis 44:34	For how can I go back to my father without the boy? I could not bear to see the misery that would overwhelm him.”
Genesis 45:1	Then Joseph could no longer control himself before all his attendants, and he cried out, “Send everyone away from me!” So none of them were with Joseph when he made himself known to his brothers.
Genesis 45:2	But he wept so loudly that the Egyptians heard him, and Pharaoh’s household soon heard of it.
Genesis 45:3	Joseph said to his brothers, “I am Joseph! Is my father still alive?” But they were unable to answer him, because they were terrified in his presence.
Genesis 45:4	Then Joseph said to his brothers, “Please come near me.” And they did so. “I am Joseph, your brother,” he said, “the one you sold into Egypt!
Genesis 45:5	And now, do not be distressed or angry with yourselves that you sold me into this place, because it was to save lives that God sent me before you.
Genesis 45:6	For the famine has covered the land these two years, and there will be five more years without plowing or harvesting.
Genesis 45:7	God sent me before you to preserve you as a remnant on the earth and to save your lives by a great deliverance.
Genesis 45:8	Therefore it was not you who sent me here, but God, who has made me a father to Pharaoh—lord of all his household and ruler over all the land of Egypt.
Genesis 45:9	Now return quickly to my father and tell him, ‘This is what your son Joseph says: God has made me lord of all Egypt. Come down to me without delay.
Genesis 45:10	You shall settle in the land of Goshen and be near me—you and your children and grandchildren, your flocks and herds, and everything you own.
Genesis 45:11	And there I will provide for you, because there will be five more years of famine. Otherwise, you and your household and everything you own will come to destitution.’
Genesis 45:12	Behold! You and my brother Benjamin can see that I, Joseph, am the one speaking with you.
Genesis 45:13	Tell my father about all my splendor in Egypt and everything you have seen. And bring my father down here quickly.”
Genesis 45:14	Then Joseph threw his arms around his brother Benjamin and wept, and Benjamin wept as they embraced.
Genesis 45:15	Joseph kissed each of his brothers as he wept over them. And afterward his brothers talked with him.
Genesis 45:16	When the news reached Pharaoh’s house that Joseph’s brothers had come, Pharaoh and his servants were pleased.
Genesis 45:17	Pharaoh said to Joseph, “Tell your brothers, ‘Do as follows: Load your animals and return to the land of Canaan.
Genesis 45:18	Then bring your father and your families and return to me. I will give you the best of the land of Egypt, and you shall eat from the fat of the land.’
Genesis 45:19	You are also directed to tell them: ‘Take wagons from the land of Egypt for your young children and your wives, and bring your father and come back.
Genesis 45:20	But pay no regard to your belongings, for the best of all the land of Egypt is yours.’”
Genesis 45:21	So the sons of Israel did as they were told. Joseph gave them wagons as Pharaoh had instructed, and he also gave them provisions for their journey.
Genesis 45:22	He gave new garments to each of them, but to Benjamin he gave three hundred shekels of silver and five sets of clothes.
Genesis 45:23	And he sent to his father the following: ten donkeys loaded with the best of Egypt, and ten female donkeys loaded with grain and bread and provisions for his father’s journey.
Genesis 45:24	Then Joseph sent his brothers on their way, and as they were leaving, he said to them, “Do not quarrel on the way!”
Genesis 45:25	So the brothers went up out of Egypt and came to their father Jacob in the land of Canaan.
Genesis 45:26	“Joseph is still alive,” they said, “and he is ruler over all the land of Egypt!” But Jacob was stunned, for he did not believe them.
Genesis 45:27	However, when they relayed all that Joseph had told them, and when he saw the wagons that Joseph had sent to carry him back, the spirit of their father Jacob was revived.
Genesis 45:28	“Enough!” declared Israel. “My son Joseph is still alive! I will go to see him before I die.”
Genesis 46:1	So Israel set out with all that he had, and when he came to Beersheba, he offered sacrifices to the God of his father Isaac.
Genesis 46:2	And that night God spoke to Israel in a vision: “Jacob, Jacob!” He said. “Here I am,” replied Jacob.
Genesis 46:3	“I am God,” He said, “the God of your father. Do not be afraid to go down to Egypt, for I will make you into a great nation there.
Genesis 46:4	I will go down with you to Egypt, and I will surely bring you back. And Joseph’s own hands will close your eyes.”
Genesis 46:5	Then Jacob departed from Beersheba, and the sons of Israel took their father Jacob in the wagons Pharaoh had sent to carry him, along with their children and wives.
Genesis 46:6	They also took the livestock and possessions they had acquired in the land of Canaan, and Jacob and all his offspring went to Egypt.
Genesis 46:7	Jacob took with him to Egypt his sons and grandsons, and his daughters and granddaughters—all his offspring.
Genesis 46:8	Now these are the names of the sons of Israel (Jacob and his descendants) who went to Egypt: Reuben, Jacob’s firstborn.
Genesis 46:9	The sons of Reuben: Hanoch, Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
Genesis 46:10	The sons of Simeon: Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jachin, Zohar, and Shaul the son of a Canaanite woman.
Genesis 46:11	The sons of Levi: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
Genesis 46:12	The sons of Judah: Er, Onan, Shelah, Perez, and Zerah; but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan. The sons of Perez: Hezron and Hamul.
Genesis 46:13	The sons of Issachar: Tola, Puvah, Job, and Shimron.
Genesis 46:14	The sons of Zebulun: Sered, Elon, and Jahleel.
Genesis 46:15	These are the sons of Leah born to Jacob in Paddan-aram, in addition to his daughter Dinah. The total number of sons and daughters was thirty-three.
Genesis 46:16	The sons of Gad: Ziphion, Haggi, Shuni, Ezbon, Eri, Arodi, and Areli.
Genesis 46:17	The children of Asher: Imnah, Ishvah, Ishvi, Beriah, and their sister Serah. The sons of Beriah: Heber and Malchiel.
Genesis 46:18	These are the sons of Jacob born to Zilpah—whom Laban gave to his daughter Leah—sixteen in all.
Genesis 46:19	The sons of Jacob’s wife Rachel: Joseph and Benjamin.
Genesis 46:20	Manasseh and Ephraim were born to Joseph in the land of Egypt by Asenath daughter of Potiphera, priest of On.
Genesis 46:21	The sons of Benjamin: Bela, Becher, Ashbel, Gera, Naaman, Ehi, Rosh, Muppim, Huppim, and Ard.
Genesis 46:22	These are the sons of Rachel born to Jacob—fourteen in all.
Genesis 46:23	The son of Dan: Hushim.
Genesis 46:24	The sons of Naphtali: Jahzeel, Guni, Jezer, and Shillem.
Genesis 46:25	These are the sons of Jacob born to Bilhah, whom Laban gave to his daughter Rachel—seven in all.
Genesis 46:26	All those belonging to Jacob who came to Egypt—his direct descendants, besides the wives of Jacob’s sons—numbered sixty-six persons.
Genesis 46:27	And with the two sons who had been born to Joseph in Egypt, the members of Jacob’s family who went to Egypt were seventy in all.
Genesis 46:28	Now Jacob had sent Judah ahead of him to Joseph to get directions to Goshen. When Jacob’s family arrived in the land of Goshen,
Genesis 46:29	Joseph prepared his chariot and went there to meet his father Israel. Joseph presented himself to him, embraced him, and wept profusely.
Genesis 46:30	Then Israel said to Joseph, “Finally I can die, now that I have seen your face and know that you are still alive!”
Genesis 46:31	Joseph said to his brothers and to his father’s household, “I will go up and inform Pharaoh: ‘My brothers and my father’s household from the land of Canaan have come to me.
Genesis 46:32	The men are shepherds; they raise livestock, and they have brought their flocks and herds and all that they own.’
Genesis 46:33	When Pharaoh summons you and asks, ‘What is your occupation?’
Genesis 46:34	you are to say, ‘Your servants have raised livestock ever since our youth—both we and our fathers.’ Then you will be allowed to settle in the land of Goshen, since all shepherds are detestable to the Egyptians.”
Genesis 47:1	So Joseph went and told Pharaoh: “My father and my brothers, with their flocks and herds and all they own, have come from the land of Canaan and are now in Goshen.”
Genesis 47:2	And he chose five of his brothers and presented them before Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:3	“What is your occupation?” Pharaoh asked Joseph’s brothers. “Your servants are shepherds,” they replied, “both we and our fathers.”
Genesis 47:4	Then they said to Pharaoh, “We have come to live in the land for a time, because there is no pasture for the flocks of your servants, since the famine in the land of Canaan has been severe. So now, please allow your servants to settle in the land of Goshen.”
Genesis 47:5	Pharaoh said to Joseph, “Now that your father and brothers have come to you,
Genesis 47:6	the land of Egypt is before you; settle your father and brothers in the best part of the land. They may dwell in the land of Goshen. And if you know of any talented men among them, put them in charge of my own livestock.”
Genesis 47:7	Then Joseph brought in his father Jacob and presented him before Pharaoh, and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:8	“How many years have you lived?” Pharaoh asked.
Genesis 47:9	“My travels have lasted 130 years,” Jacob replied. “My years have been few and hard, and they have not matched the years of the travels of my fathers.”
Genesis 47:10	Then Jacob blessed Pharaoh and departed from his presence.
Genesis 47:11	So Joseph settled his father and brothers in the land of Egypt and gave them property in the best part of the land, the district of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.
Genesis 47:12	Joseph also provided his father and brothers and all his father’s household with food for their families.
Genesis 47:13	There was no food, however, in all that region, because the famine was so severe; the lands of Egypt and Canaan had been exhausted by the famine.
Genesis 47:14	Joseph collected all the money to be found in the land of Egypt and the land of Canaan in exchange for the grain they were buying, and he brought it into Pharaoh’s palace.
Genesis 47:15	When the money from the lands of Egypt and Canaan was gone, all the Egyptians came to Joseph and said, “Give us food. Why should we die before your eyes? For our funds have run out!”
Genesis 47:16	“Then bring me your livestock,” said Joseph. “Since the money is gone, I will sell you food in exchange for your livestock.”
Genesis 47:17	So they brought their livestock to Joseph, and he gave them food in exchange for their horses, their flocks and herds, and their donkeys. Throughout that year he provided them with food in exchange for all their livestock.
Genesis 47:18	When that year was over, they came to him the second year and said, “We cannot hide from our lord that our money is gone and all our livestock belongs to you. There is nothing left for our lord except our bodies and our land.
Genesis 47:19	Why should we perish before your eyes—we and our land as well? Purchase us and our land in exchange for food. Then we, along with our land, will be slaves to Pharaoh. Give us seed that we may live and not die, and that the land may not become desolate.”
Genesis 47:20	So Joseph acquired for Pharaoh all the land in Egypt; the Egyptians, one and all, sold their fields because the famine was so severe upon them. The land became Pharaoh’s,
Genesis 47:21	and Joseph reduced the people to servitude from one end of Egypt to the other.
Genesis 47:22	However, he did not acquire the priests’ portion of the land, for it had been given to them by Pharaoh. They ate the rations that Pharaoh supplied; so they did not sell their land.
Genesis 47:23	Then Joseph said to the people, “Now that I have acquired you and your land for Pharaoh this day, here is seed for you to sow in the land.
Genesis 47:24	At harvest time, you are to give a fifth of it to Pharaoh, and four-fifths will be yours as seed for the field and food for yourselves and your households and children.”
Genesis 47:25	“You have saved our lives,” they said. “We have found favor in our lord’s eyes, and we will be Pharaoh’s servants.”
Genesis 47:26	So Joseph established a law that a fifth of the produce belongs to Pharaoh, and it is in effect in the land of Egypt to this day. Only the priests’ land does not belong to Pharaoh.
Genesis 47:27	Now the Israelites settled in the land of Egypt, in the region of Goshen. They acquired property there and became fruitful and increased greatly in number.
Genesis 47:28	And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years, and the length of his life was 147 years.
Genesis 47:29	When the time drew near for Israel to die, he called his son Joseph and said to him, “If I have found favor in your eyes, put your hand under my thigh and promise to show me kindness and faithfulness. Do not bury me in Egypt,
Genesis 47:30	but when I lie down with my fathers, carry me out of Egypt and bury me with them.” Joseph answered, “I will do as you have requested.”
Genesis 47:31	“Swear to me,” Jacob said. So Joseph swore to him, and Israel bowed in worship at the head of his bed.
Genesis 48:1	Some time later Joseph was told, “Your father is ill.” So he set out with his two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim.
Genesis 48:2	When Jacob was told, “Your son Joseph has come to you,” Israel rallied his strength and sat up in bed.
Genesis 48:3	Jacob said to Joseph, “God Almighty appeared to me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and there He blessed me
Genesis 48:4	and told me, ‘Behold, I will make you fruitful and multiply you; I will make you a multitude of peoples, and will give this land to your descendants after you as an everlasting possession.’
Genesis 48:5	And now your two sons born to you in Egypt before I came to you here shall be reckoned as mine; Ephraim and Manasseh shall be mine, just as Reuben and Simeon are mine.
Genesis 48:6	Any children born to you after them shall be yours, and they shall be called by the names of their brothers in the territory they inherit.
Genesis 48:7	Now as for me, when I was returning from Paddan, to my sorrow Rachel died along the way in the land of Canaan, some distance from Ephrath. So I buried her there beside the road to Ephrath” (that is, Bethlehem).
Genesis 48:8	When Israel saw the sons of Joseph, he asked, “Who are these?”
Genesis 48:9	Joseph said to his father, “They are the sons God has given me in this place.” So Jacob said, “Please bring them to me, that I may bless them.”
Genesis 48:10	Now Israel’s eyesight was poor because of old age; he could hardly see. Joseph brought his sons to him, and his father kissed them and embraced them.
Genesis 48:11	“I never expected to see your face again,” Israel said to Joseph, “but now God has let me see your children as well.”
Genesis 48:12	Then Joseph removed his sons from his father’s knees and bowed facedown.
Genesis 48:13	And Joseph took both of them—with Ephraim in his right hand toward Israel’s left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel’s right hand—and brought them close to him.
Genesis 48:14	But Israel stretched out his right hand and put it on the head of Ephraim, the younger; and crossing his hands, he put his left on Manasseh’s head, although Manasseh was the firstborn.
Genesis 48:15	Then he blessed Joseph and said: “May the God before whom my fathers Abraham and Isaac walked, the God who has been my shepherd all my life to this day,
Genesis 48:16	the angel who has redeemed me from all harm—may He bless these boys. And may they be called by my name and the names of my fathers Abraham and Isaac, and may they grow into a multitude upon the earth.”
Genesis 48:17	When Joseph saw that his father had placed his right hand on Ephraim’s head, he was displeased and took his father’s hand to move it from Ephraim’s head to Manasseh’s.
Genesis 48:18	“Not so, my father!” Joseph said. “This one is the firstborn; put your right hand on his head.”
Genesis 48:19	But his father refused. “I know, my son, I know!” he said. “He too shall become a people, and he too shall be great; nevertheless, his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his offspring shall become a multitude of nations.”
Genesis 48:20	So that day Jacob blessed them and said: “By you shall Israel pronounce this blessing: ‘May God make you like Ephraim and Manasseh.’” So he put Ephraim before Manasseh.
Genesis 48:21	Then Israel said to Joseph, “Look, I am about to die, but God will be with you and bring you back to the land of your fathers.
Genesis 48:22	And to you, as one who is above your brothers, I give the ridge of land that I took from the Amorites with my sword and bow.”
Genesis 49:1	Then Jacob called for his sons and said, “Gather around so that I can tell you what will happen to you in the days to come:
Genesis 49:2	Come together and listen, O sons of Jacob; listen to your father Israel.
Genesis 49:3	Reuben, you are my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, excelling in honor, excelling in power.
Genesis 49:4	Uncontrolled as the waters, you will no longer excel, because you went up to your father’s bed, onto my couch, and defiled it.
Genesis 49:5	Simeon and Levi are brothers; their swords are weapons of violence.
Genesis 49:6	May I never enter their council; may I never join their assembly. For they kill men in their anger, and hamstring oxen on a whim.
Genesis 49:7	Cursed be their anger, for it is strong, and their wrath, for it is cruel! I will disperse them in Jacob and scatter them in Israel.
Genesis 49:8	Judah, your brothers shall praise you. Your hand shall be on the necks of your enemies; your father’s sons shall bow down to you.
Genesis 49:9	Judah is a young lion—my son, you return from the prey. Like a lion he crouches and lies down; like a lioness, who dares to rouse him?
Genesis 49:10	The scepter will not depart from Judah, nor the staff from between his feet, until Shiloh comes and the allegiance of the nations is his.
Genesis 49:11	He ties his donkey to the vine, his colt to the choicest branch. He washes his garments in wine, his robes in the blood of grapes.
Genesis 49:12	His eyes are darker than wine, and his teeth are whiter than milk.
Genesis 49:13	Zebulun shall dwell by the seashore and become a harbor for ships; his border shall extend to Sidon.
Genesis 49:14	Issachar is a strong donkey, lying down between the sheepfolds.
Genesis 49:15	He saw that his resting place was good and that his land was pleasant, so he bent his shoulder to the burden and submitted to labor as a servant.
Genesis 49:16	Dan shall provide justice for his people as one of the tribes of Israel.
Genesis 49:17	He will be a snake by the road, a viper in the path that bites the horse’s heels so that its rider tumbles backward.
Genesis 49:18	I await Your salvation, O LORD.
Genesis 49:19	Gad will be attacked by raiders, but he will attack their heels.
Genesis 49:20	Asher’s food will be rich; he shall provide royal delicacies.
Genesis 49:21	Naphtali is a doe set free that bears beautiful fawns.
Genesis 49:22	Joseph is a fruitful vine—a fruitful vine by a spring, whose branches scale the wall.
Genesis 49:23	The archers attacked him with bitterness; they aimed at him in hostility.
Genesis 49:24	Yet he steadied his bow, and his strong arms were tempered by the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob, in the name of the Shepherd, the Rock of Israel,
Genesis 49:25	by the God of your father who helps you, and by the Almighty who blesses you, with blessings of the heavens above, with blessings of the depths below, with blessings of the breasts and womb.
Genesis 49:26	The blessings of your father have surpassed the blessings of the ancient mountains and the bounty of the everlasting hills. May they rest on the head of Joseph, on the brow of the prince of his brothers.
Genesis 49:27	Benjamin is a ravenous wolf; in the morning he devours the prey, in the evening he divides the plunder.”
Genesis 49:28	These are the tribes of Israel, twelve in all, and this was what their father said to them. He blessed them, and he blessed each one with a suitable blessing.
Genesis 49:29	Then Jacob instructed them, “I am about to be gathered to my people. Bury me with my fathers in the cave in the field of Ephron the Hittite.
Genesis 49:30	The cave is in the field of Machpelah near Mamre, in the land of Canaan. This is the field Abraham purchased from Ephron the Hittite as a burial site.
Genesis 49:31	There Abraham and his wife Sarah are buried, there Isaac and his wife Rebekah are buried, and there I buried Leah.
Genesis 49:32	The field and the cave that is in it were purchased from the Hittites.”
Genesis 49:33	When Jacob had finished instructing his sons, he pulled his feet into the bed and breathed his last, and he was gathered to his people.
Genesis 50:1	Then Joseph fell upon his father’s face, wept over him, and kissed him.
Genesis 50:2	And Joseph directed the physicians in his service to embalm his father Israel. So they embalmed him,
Genesis 50:3	taking the forty days required to complete the embalming. And the Egyptians mourned for him seventy days.
Genesis 50:4	When the days of mourning had passed, Joseph said to Pharaoh’s court, “If I have found favor in your eyes, please tell Pharaoh that
Genesis 50:5	my father made me swear an oath when he said, ‘I am about to die. You must bury me in the tomb that I dug for myself in the land of Canaan.’ Now let me go and bury my father, and then return.”
Genesis 50:6	Pharaoh replied, “Go up and bury your father, as he made you swear to do.”
Genesis 50:7	Then Joseph went to bury his father, and all the servants of Pharaoh accompanied him—the elders of Pharaoh’s household and all the elders of the land of Egypt—
Genesis 50:8	along with all of Joseph’s household, and his brothers, and his father’s household. Only their children and flocks and herds were left in Goshen.
Genesis 50:9	Chariots and horsemen alike went up with him, and it was an exceedingly large procession.
Genesis 50:10	When they reached the threshing floor of Atad, which is across the Jordan, they lamented and wailed loudly, and Joseph mourned for his father seven days.
Genesis 50:11	When the Canaanites of the land saw the mourning at the threshing floor of Atad, they said, “This is a solemn ceremony of mourning by the Egyptians.” Thus the place across the Jordan is called Abel-mizraim.
Genesis 50:12	So Jacob’s sons did as he had charged them.
Genesis 50:13	They carried him to the land of Canaan and buried him in the cave at Machpelah in the field near Mamre, which Abraham had purchased from Ephron the Hittite as a burial site.
Genesis 50:14	After Joseph had buried his father, he returned to Egypt with his brothers and all who had gone with him to bury his father.
Genesis 50:15	When Joseph’s brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, “What if Joseph bears a grudge? Then he will surely repay us for all the evil that we did to him.”
Genesis 50:16	So they sent word to Joseph, saying, “Before he died, your father commanded,
Genesis 50:17	‘This is what you are to say to Joseph: I beg you, please forgive the transgression and sin of your brothers, for they did you wrong.’ So now, Joseph, please forgive the transgression of the servants of the God of your father.” When their message came to him, Joseph wept.
Genesis 50:18	His brothers also came to him, bowed down before him, and said, “We are your slaves!”
Genesis 50:19	But Joseph replied, “Do not be afraid. Am I in the place of God?
Genesis 50:20	As for you, what you intended against me for evil, God intended for good, in order to accomplish a day like this—to preserve the lives of many people.
Genesis 50:21	Therefore do not be afraid. I will provide for you and your little ones.” So Joseph reassured his brothers and spoke kindly to them.
Genesis 50:22	Now Joseph and his father’s household remained in Egypt, and Joseph lived to the age of 110.
Genesis 50:23	He saw Ephraim’s sons to the third generation, and indeed the sons of Machir son of Manasseh were brought up on Joseph’s knees.
Genesis 50:24	Then Joseph said to his brothers, “I am about to die, but God will surely visit you and bring you up from this land to the land He promised on oath to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.”
Genesis 50:25	And Joseph made the sons of Israel take an oath and said, “God will surely attend to you, and then you must carry my bones up from this place.”
Genesis 50:26	So Joseph died at the age of 110. And they embalmed his body and placed it in a coffin in Egypt.
Exodus 1:1	These are the names of the sons of Israel who went to Egypt with Jacob, each with his family:
Exodus 1:2	Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah;
Exodus 1:3	Issachar, Zebulun, and Benjamin;
Exodus 1:4	Dan and Naphtali; Gad and Asher.
Exodus 1:5	The descendants of Jacob numbered seventy in all, including Joseph, who was already in Egypt.
Exodus 1:6	Now Joseph and all his brothers and all that generation died,
Exodus 1:7	but the Israelites were fruitful and increased rapidly; they multiplied and became exceedingly numerous, so that the land was filled with them.
Exodus 1:8	Then a new king, who did not know Joseph, came to power in Egypt.
Exodus 1:9	“Look,” he said to his people, “the Israelites have become too numerous and too powerful for us.
Exodus 1:10	Come, let us deal shrewdly with them, or they will increase even more; and if a war breaks out, they may join our enemies, fight against us, and leave the country.”
Exodus 1:11	So the Egyptians appointed taskmasters over the Israelites to oppress them with forced labor. As a result, they built Pithom and Rameses as store cities for Pharaoh.
Exodus 1:12	But the more they were oppressed, the more they multiplied and flourished; so the Egyptians came to dread the Israelites.
Exodus 1:13	They worked the Israelites ruthlessly
Exodus 1:14	and made their lives bitter with hard labor in brick and mortar, and with all kinds of work in the fields. Every service they imposed was harsh.
Exodus 1:15	Then the king of Egypt said to the Hebrew midwives, whose names were Shiphrah and Puah,
Exodus 1:16	“When you help the Hebrew women give birth, observe them on the birthstools. If the child is a son, kill him; but if it is a daughter, let her live.”
Exodus 1:17	The midwives, however, feared God and did not do as the king of Egypt had instructed; they let the boys live.
Exodus 1:18	So the king of Egypt summoned the midwives and asked them, “Why have you done this? Why have you let the boys live?”
Exodus 1:19	The midwives answered Pharaoh, “The Hebrew women are not like the Egyptian women, for they are vigorous and give birth before a midwife arrives.”
Exodus 1:20	So God was good to the midwives, and the people multiplied and became even more numerous.
Exodus 1:21	And because the midwives feared God, He gave them families of their own.
Exodus 1:22	Then Pharaoh commanded all his people: “Every son born to the Hebrews you must throw into the Nile, but every daughter you may allow to live.”
Exodus 2:1	Now a man of the house of Levi married a daughter of Levi,
Exodus 2:2	and she conceived and gave birth to a son. When she saw that he was a beautiful child, she hid him for three months.
Exodus 2:3	But when she could no longer hide him, she got him a papyrus basket and coated it with tar and pitch. Then she placed the child in the basket and set it among the reeds along the bank of the Nile.
Exodus 2:4	And his sister stood at a distance to see what would happen to him.
Exodus 2:5	Soon the daughter of Pharaoh went down to bathe in the Nile, and her attendants were walking along the riverbank. And when she saw the basket among the reeds, she sent her maidservant to retrieve it.
Exodus 2:6	When she opened it, she saw the child, and behold, the little boy was crying. So she had compassion on him and said, “This is one of the Hebrew children.”
Exodus 2:7	Then his sister said to Pharaoh’s daughter, “Shall I go and call one of the Hebrew women to nurse the child for you?”
Exodus 2:8	“Go ahead,” Pharaoh’s daughter told her. And the girl went and called the boy’s mother.
Exodus 2:9	Pharaoh’s daughter said to her, “Take this child and nurse him for me, and I will pay your wages.” So the woman took the boy and nursed him.
Exodus 2:10	When the child had grown older, she brought him to Pharaoh’s daughter, and he became her son. She named him Moses and explained, “I drew him out of the water.”
Exodus 2:11	One day, after Moses had grown up, he went out to his own people and observed their hard labor. He saw an Egyptian beating a Hebrew, one of his own people.
Exodus 2:12	After looking this way and that and seeing no one, he struck down the Egyptian and hid his body in the sand.
Exodus 2:13	The next day Moses went out and saw two Hebrews fighting. He asked the one in the wrong, “Why are you attacking your companion?”
Exodus 2:14	But the man replied, “Who made you ruler and judge over us? Are you planning to kill me as you killed the Egyptian?” Then Moses was afraid and thought, “This thing I have done has surely become known.”
Exodus 2:15	When Pharaoh heard about this matter, he sought to kill Moses. But Moses fled from Pharaoh and settled in the land of Midian, where he sat down beside a well.
Exodus 2:16	Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters, and they came to draw water and fill the troughs to water their father’s flock.
Exodus 2:17	And when some shepherds came along and drove them away, Moses rose up to help them and watered their flock.
Exodus 2:18	When the daughters returned to their father Reuel, he asked them, “Why have you returned so early today?”
Exodus 2:19	“An Egyptian rescued us from the shepherds,” they replied. “He even drew water for us and watered the flock.”
Exodus 2:20	“So where is he?” their father asked. “Why did you leave the man behind? Invite him to have something to eat.”
Exodus 2:21	Moses agreed to stay with the man, and he gave his daughter Zipporah to Moses in marriage.
Exodus 2:22	And she gave birth to a son, and Moses named him Gershom, saying, “I have become a foreigner in a foreign land.”
Exodus 2:23	After a long time, the king of Egypt died. The Israelites groaned and cried out under their burden of slavery, and their cry for deliverance from bondage ascended to God.
Exodus 2:24	So God heard their groaning, and He remembered His covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Exodus 2:25	God saw the Israelites and took notice.
Exodus 3:1	Meanwhile, Moses was shepherding the flock of his father-in-law Jethro, the priest of Midian. He led the flock to the far side of the wilderness and came to Horeb, the mountain of God.
Exodus 3:2	There the angel of the LORD appeared to him in a blazing fire from within a bush. Moses saw the bush ablaze with fire, but it was not consumed.
Exodus 3:3	So Moses thought, “I must go over and see this marvelous sight. Why is the bush not burning up?”
Exodus 3:4	When the LORD saw that he had gone over to look, God called out to him from within the bush, “Moses, Moses!” “Here I am,” he answered.
Exodus 3:5	“Do not come any closer,” God said. “Take off your sandals, for the place where you are standing is holy ground.”
Exodus 3:6	Then He said, “I am the God of your father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob.” At this, Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look at God.
Exodus 3:7	The LORD said, “I have indeed seen the affliction of My people in Egypt. I have heard them crying out because of their oppressors, and I am aware of their sufferings.
Exodus 3:8	I have come down to rescue them from the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up out of that land to a good and spacious land, a land flowing with milk and honey—the home of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Exodus 3:9	And now the cry of the Israelites has reached Me, and I have seen how severely the Egyptians are oppressing them.
Exodus 3:10	Therefore, go! I am sending you to Pharaoh to bring My people the Israelites out of Egypt.”
Exodus 3:11	But Moses asked God, “Who am I, that I should go to Pharaoh and bring the Israelites out of Egypt?”
Exodus 3:12	“I will surely be with you,” God said, “and this will be the sign to you that I have sent you: When you have brought the people out of Egypt, all of you will worship God on this mountain.”
Exodus 3:13	Then Moses asked God, “Suppose I go to the Israelites and say to them, ‘The God of your fathers has sent me to you,’ and they ask me, ‘What is His name?’ What should I tell them?”
Exodus 3:14	God said to Moses, “I AM WHO I AM. This is what you are to say to the Israelites: ‘I AM has sent me to you.’”
Exodus 3:15	God also told Moses, “Say to the Israelites, ‘The LORD, the God of your fathers—the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob—has sent me to you.’ This is My name forever, and this is how I am to be remembered in every generation.
Exodus 3:16	Go, assemble the elders of Israel and say to them, ‘The LORD, the God of your fathers—the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob—has appeared to me and said: I have surely attended to you and have seen what has been done to you in Egypt.
Exodus 3:17	And I have promised to bring you up out of your affliction in Egypt, into the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites—a land flowing with milk and honey.’
Exodus 3:18	The elders of Israel will listen to what you say, and you must go with them to the king of Egypt and tell him, ‘The LORD, the God of the Hebrews, has met with us. Now please let us take a three-day journey into the wilderness, so that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God.’
Exodus 3:19	But I know that the king of Egypt will not allow you to go unless a mighty hand compels him.
Exodus 3:20	So I will stretch out My hand and strike the Egyptians with all the wonders I will perform among them. And after that, he will release you.
Exodus 3:21	And I will grant this people such favor in the sight of the Egyptians that when you leave, you will not go away empty-handed.
Exodus 3:22	Every woman shall ask her neighbor and any woman staying in her house for silver and gold jewelry and clothing, and you will put them on your sons and daughters. So you will plunder the Egyptians.”
Exodus 4:1	Then Moses answered, “What if they do not believe me or listen to my voice? For they may say, ‘The LORD has not appeared to you.’”
Exodus 4:2	And the LORD asked him, “What is that in your hand?” “A staff,” he replied.
Exodus 4:3	“Throw it on the ground,” said the LORD. So Moses threw it on the ground, and it became a snake, and he ran from it.
Exodus 4:4	“Stretch out your hand and grab it by the tail,” the LORD said to Moses, who reached out his hand and caught the snake, and it turned back into a staff in his hand.
Exodus 4:5	“This is so that they may believe that the LORD, the God of their fathers—the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob—has appeared to you.”
Exodus 4:6	Furthermore, the LORD said to Moses, “Put your hand inside your cloak.” So he put his hand inside his cloak, and when he took it out, his hand was leprous, white as snow.
Exodus 4:7	“Put your hand back inside your cloak,” said the LORD. So Moses put his hand back inside his cloak, and when he took it out, it was restored, like the rest of his skin.
Exodus 4:8	And the LORD said, “If they refuse to believe you or heed the witness of the first sign, they may believe that of the second.
Exodus 4:9	But if they do not believe even these two signs or listen to your voice, take some water from the Nile and pour it on the dry ground. Then the water you take from the Nile will become blood on the ground.”
Exodus 4:10	“Please, Lord,” Moses replied, “I have never been eloquent, neither in the past nor since You have spoken to Your servant, for I am slow of speech and tongue.”
Exodus 4:11	And the LORD said to him, “Who gave man his mouth? Or who makes the mute or the deaf, the sighted or the blind? Is it not I, the LORD?
Exodus 4:12	Now go! I will help you as you speak, and I will teach you what to say.”
Exodus 4:13	But Moses replied, “Please, Lord, send someone else.”
Exodus 4:14	Then the anger of the LORD burned against Moses, and He said, “Is not Aaron the Levite your brother? I know that he can speak well, and he is now on his way to meet you. When he sees you, he will be glad in his heart.
Exodus 4:15	You are to speak to him and put the words in his mouth. I will help both of you to speak, and I will teach you what to do.
Exodus 4:16	He will speak to the people for you. He will be your spokesman, and it will be as if you were God to him.
Exodus 4:17	But take this staff in your hand so you can perform signs with it.”
Exodus 4:18	Then Moses went back to his father-in-law Jethro and said to him, “Please let me return to my brothers in Egypt to see if they are still alive.” “Go in peace,” Jethro replied.
Exodus 4:19	Now the LORD had said to Moses in Midian, “Go back to Egypt, for all the men who sought to kill you are dead.”
Exodus 4:20	So Moses took his wife and sons, put them on a donkey, and headed back to Egypt. And he took the staff of God in his hand.
Exodus 4:21	The LORD instructed Moses, “When you go back to Egypt, see that you perform before Pharaoh all the wonders that I have put within your power. But I will harden his heart so that he will not let the people go.
Exodus 4:22	Then tell Pharaoh that this is what the LORD says: ‘Israel is My firstborn son,
Exodus 4:23	and I told you to let My son go so that he may worship Me. But since you have refused to let him go, behold, I will kill your firstborn son!’”
Exodus 4:24	Now at a lodging place along the way, the LORD met Moses and was about to kill him.
Exodus 4:25	But Zipporah took a flint knife, cut off her son’s foreskin, and touched it to Moses’ feet. “Surely you are a bridegroom of blood to me,” she said.
Exodus 4:26	So the LORD let him alone. (When she said, “bridegroom of blood,” she was referring to the circumcision.)
Exodus 4:27	Meanwhile, the LORD had said to Aaron, “Go and meet Moses in the wilderness.” So he went and met Moses at the mountain of God and kissed him.
Exodus 4:28	And Moses told Aaron everything the LORD had sent him to say, and all the signs He had commanded him to perform.
Exodus 4:29	Then Moses and Aaron went and assembled all the elders of the Israelites,
Exodus 4:30	and Aaron relayed everything the LORD had said to Moses. And Moses performed the signs before the people,
Exodus 4:31	and they believed. And when they heard that the LORD had attended to the Israelites and had seen their affliction, they bowed down and worshiped.
Exodus 5:1	After that, Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and said, “This is what the LORD, the God of Israel, says: ‘Let My people go, so that they may hold a feast to Me in the wilderness.’”
Exodus 5:2	But Pharaoh replied, “Who is the LORD that I should obey His voice and let Israel go? I do not know the LORD, and I will not let Israel go.”
Exodus 5:3	“The God of the Hebrews has met with us,” they answered. “Please let us go on a three-day journey into the wilderness to sacrifice to the LORD our God, or He may strike us with plagues or with the sword.”
Exodus 5:4	But the king of Egypt said to them, “Moses and Aaron, why do you draw the people away from their work? Get back to your labor!”
Exodus 5:5	Pharaoh also said, “Look, the people of the land are now numerous, and you would be stopping them from their labor.”
Exodus 5:6	That same day Pharaoh commanded the taskmasters of the people and their foremen:
Exodus 5:7	“You shall no longer supply the people with straw for making bricks. They must go and gather their own straw.
Exodus 5:8	But require of them the same quota of bricks as before; do not reduce it. For they are lazy; that is why they are crying out, ‘Let us go and sacrifice to our God.’
Exodus 5:9	Make the work harder on the men so they will be occupied and pay no attention to these lies.”
Exodus 5:10	So the taskmasters and foremen of the people went out and said to them, “This is what Pharaoh says: ‘I am no longer giving you straw.
Exodus 5:11	Go and get your own straw wherever you can find it; but your workload will in no way be reduced.’”
Exodus 5:12	So the people scattered all over the land of Egypt to gather stubble for straw.
Exodus 5:13	The taskmasters kept pressing them, saying, “Fulfill your quota each day, just as you did when straw was provided.”
Exodus 5:14	Then the Israelite foremen, whom Pharaoh’s taskmasters had set over the people, were beaten and asked, “Why have you not fulfilled your quota of bricks yesterday or today, as you did before?”
Exodus 5:15	So the Israelite foremen went and appealed to Pharaoh: “Why are you treating your servants this way?
Exodus 5:16	No straw has been given to your servants, yet we are told, ‘Make bricks!’ Look, your servants are being beaten, but the fault is with your own people.”
Exodus 5:17	“You are slackers!” Pharaoh replied. “Slackers! That is why you keep saying, ‘Let us go and sacrifice to the LORD.’
Exodus 5:18	Now get to work. You will be given no straw, yet you must deliver the full quota of bricks.”
Exodus 5:19	The Israelite foremen realized they were in trouble when they were told, “You must not reduce your daily quota of bricks.”
Exodus 5:20	When they left Pharaoh, they confronted Moses and Aaron, who stood waiting to meet them.
Exodus 5:21	“May the LORD look upon you and judge you,” the foremen said, “for you have made us a stench before Pharaoh and his officials; you have placed in their hand a sword to kill us!”
Exodus 5:22	So Moses returned to the LORD and asked, “Lord, why have You brought trouble upon this people? Is this why You sent me?
Exodus 5:23	Ever since I went to Pharaoh to speak in Your name, he has brought trouble on this people, and You have not delivered Your people in any way.”
Exodus 6:1	But the LORD said to Moses, “Now you will see what I will do to Pharaoh, for because of My mighty hand he will let the people go; because of My strong hand he will drive them out of his land.”
Exodus 6:2	God also told Moses, “I am the LORD.
Exodus 6:3	I appeared to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob as God Almighty, but by My name the LORD I did not make Myself known to them.
Exodus 6:4	I also established My covenant with them to give them the land of Canaan, the land where they lived as foreigners.
Exodus 6:5	Furthermore, I have heard the groaning of the Israelites, whom the Egyptians are enslaving, and I have remembered My covenant.
Exodus 6:6	Therefore tell the Israelites: ‘I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the yoke of the Egyptians and deliver you from their bondage. I will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with mighty acts of judgment.
Exodus 6:7	I will take you as My own people, and I will be your God. Then you will know that I am the LORD your God, who brought you out from under the yoke of the Egyptians.
Exodus 6:8	And I will bring you into the land that I swore to give to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. I will give it to you as a possession. I am the LORD!’”
Exodus 6:9	Moses relayed this message to the Israelites, but on account of their broken spirit and cruel bondage, they did not listen to him.
Exodus 6:10	So the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 6:11	“Go and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt to let the Israelites go out of his land.”
Exodus 6:12	But in the LORD’s presence Moses replied, “If the Israelites will not listen to me, then why would Pharaoh listen to me, since I am unskilled in speech?”
Exodus 6:13	Then the LORD spoke to Moses and Aaron and gave them a charge concerning both the Israelites and Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the Israelites out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 6:14	These were the heads of their fathers’ houses: The sons of Reuben, the firstborn of Israel, were Hanoch and Pallu, Hezron and Carmi. These were the clans of Reuben.
Exodus 6:15	The sons of Simeon were Jemuel, Jamin, Ohad, Jachin, Zohar, and Shaul, the son of a Canaanite woman. These were the clans of Simeon.
Exodus 6:16	These were the names of the sons of Levi according to their records: Gershon, Kohath, and Merari. Levi lived 137 years.
Exodus 6:17	The sons of Gershon were Libni and Shimei, by their clans.
Exodus 6:18	The sons of Kohath were Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel. Kohath lived 133 years.
Exodus 6:19	The sons of Merari were Mahli and Mushi. These were the clans of the Levites according to their records.
Exodus 6:20	And Amram married his father’s sister Jochebed, and she bore him Aaron and Moses. Amram lived 137 years.
Exodus 6:21	The sons of Izhar were Korah, Nepheg, and Zichri.
Exodus 6:22	The sons of Uzziel were Mishael, Elzaphan, and Sithri.
Exodus 6:23	And Aaron married Elisheba, the daughter of Amminadab and sister of Nahshon, and she bore him Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar.
Exodus 6:24	The sons of Korah were Assir, Elkanah, and Abiasaph. These were the clans of the Korahites.
Exodus 6:25	Aaron’s son Eleazar married one of the daughters of Putiel, and she bore him Phinehas. These were the heads of the Levite families by their clans.
Exodus 6:26	It was this Aaron and Moses to whom the LORD said, “Bring the Israelites out of the land of Egypt by their divisions.”
Exodus 6:27	Moses and Aaron were the ones who spoke to Pharaoh king of Egypt in order to bring the Israelites out of Egypt.
Exodus 6:28	Now on the day that the LORD spoke to Moses in Egypt,
Exodus 6:29	He said to him, “I am the LORD; tell Pharaoh king of Egypt everything I say to you.”
Exodus 6:30	But in the LORD’s presence Moses replied, “Since I am unskilled in speech, why would Pharaoh listen to me?”
Exodus 7:1	The LORD answered Moses, “See, I have made you like God to Pharaoh, and your brother Aaron will be your prophet.
Exodus 7:2	You are to speak all that I command you, and your brother Aaron is to tell Pharaoh to let the Israelites go out of his land.
Exodus 7:3	But I will harden Pharaoh’s heart, and though I will multiply My signs and wonders in the land of Egypt,
Exodus 7:4	Pharaoh will not listen to you. Then I will lay My hand on Egypt, and by mighty acts of judgment I will bring the divisions of My people the Israelites out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 7:5	And the Egyptians will know that I am the LORD, when I stretch out My hand against Egypt and bring the Israelites out from among them.”
Exodus 7:6	So Moses and Aaron did just as the LORD had commanded them.
Exodus 7:7	Moses was eighty years old and Aaron was eighty-three when they spoke to Pharaoh.
Exodus 7:8	The LORD said to Moses and Aaron,
Exodus 7:9	“When Pharaoh tells you, ‘Perform a miracle,’ you are to say to Aaron, ‘Take your staff and throw it down before Pharaoh,’ and it will become a serpent.”
Exodus 7:10	So Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and did just as the LORD had commanded. Aaron threw his staff down before Pharaoh and his officials, and it became a serpent.
Exodus 7:11	But Pharaoh called the wise men and sorcerers and magicians of Egypt, and they also did the same things by their magic arts.
Exodus 7:12	Each one threw down his staff, and it became a serpent. But Aaron’s staff swallowed up the other staffs.
Exodus 7:13	Still, Pharaoh’s heart was hardened, and he would not listen to them, just as the LORD had said.
Exodus 7:14	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Pharaoh’s heart is unyielding; he refuses to let the people go.
Exodus 7:15	Go to Pharaoh in the morning as you see him walking out to the water. Wait on the bank of the Nile to meet him, and take in your hand the staff that was changed into a snake.
Exodus 7:16	Then say to him, ‘The LORD, the God of the Hebrews, has sent me to tell you: Let My people go, so that they may worship Me in the wilderness. But you have not listened until now.
Exodus 7:17	This is what the LORD says: By this you will know that I am the LORD. Behold, with the staff in my hand I will strike the water of the Nile, and it will turn to blood.
Exodus 7:18	The fish in the Nile will die, the river will stink, and the Egyptians will be unable to drink its water.’”
Exodus 7:19	And the LORD said to Moses, “Tell Aaron, ‘Take your staff and stretch out your hand over the waters of Egypt—over their rivers and canals and ponds and reservoirs—that they may become blood.’ There will be blood throughout the land of Egypt, even in the vessels of wood and stone.”
Exodus 7:20	Moses and Aaron did just as the LORD had commanded; in the presence of Pharaoh and his officials, Aaron raised the staff and struck the water of the Nile, and all the water was turned to blood.
Exodus 7:21	The fish in the Nile died, and the river smelled so bad that the Egyptians could not drink its water. And there was blood throughout the land of Egypt.
Exodus 7:22	But the magicians of Egypt did the same things by their magic arts. So Pharaoh’s heart was hardened, and he would not listen to Moses and Aaron, just as the LORD had said.
Exodus 7:23	Instead, Pharaoh turned around, went into his palace, and did not take any of this to heart.
Exodus 7:24	So all the Egyptians dug around the Nile for water to drink, because they could not drink the water from the river.
Exodus 7:25	And seven full days passed after the LORD had struck the Nile.
Exodus 8:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Go to Pharaoh and tell him that this is what the LORD says: ‘Let My people go, so that they may worship Me.
Exodus 8:2	But if you refuse to let them go, I will plague your whole country with frogs.
Exodus 8:3	The Nile will teem with frogs, and they will come into your palace and up to your bedroom and onto your bed, into the houses of your officials and your people, and into your ovens and kneading bowls.
Exodus 8:4	The frogs will come up on you and your people and all your officials.’”
Exodus 8:5	And the LORD said to Moses, “Tell Aaron, ‘Stretch out your hand with your staff over the rivers and canals and ponds, and cause the frogs to come up onto the land of Egypt.’”
Exodus 8:6	So Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt, and the frogs came up and covered the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:7	But the magicians did the same thing by their magic arts, and they also brought frogs up onto the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:8	Pharaoh summoned Moses and Aaron and said, “Pray to the LORD to take the frogs away from me and my people. Then I will let your people go, that they may sacrifice to the LORD.”
Exodus 8:9	Moses said to Pharaoh, “You may have the honor over me. When shall I pray for you and your officials and your people that the frogs (except for those in the Nile) may be taken away from you and your houses?”
Exodus 8:10	“Tomorrow,” Pharaoh answered. “May it be as you say,” Moses replied, “so that you may know that there is no one like the LORD our God.
Exodus 8:11	The frogs will depart from you and your houses and your officials and your people; they will remain only in the Nile.”
Exodus 8:12	After Moses and Aaron had left Pharaoh, Moses cried out to the LORD for help with the frogs that He had brought against Pharaoh.
Exodus 8:13	And the LORD did as Moses requested, and the frogs in the houses, the courtyards, and the fields died.
Exodus 8:14	They were piled into countless heaps, and there was a terrible stench in the land.
Exodus 8:15	When Pharaoh saw that there was relief, however, he hardened his heart and would not listen to Moses and Aaron, just as the LORD had said.
Exodus 8:16	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Tell Aaron, ‘Stretch out your staff and strike the dust of the earth, that it may turn into swarms of gnats throughout the land of Egypt.’”
Exodus 8:17	This they did, and when Aaron stretched out his hand with his staff and struck the dust of the earth, gnats came upon man and beast. All the dust of the earth turned into gnats throughout the land of Egypt.
Exodus 8:18	The magicians tried to produce gnats using their magic arts, but they could not. And the gnats remained on man and beast.
Exodus 8:19	“This is the finger of God,” the magicians said to Pharaoh. But Pharaoh’s heart was hardened, and he would not listen to them, just as the LORD had said.
Exodus 8:20	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Get up early in the morning, and when Pharaoh goes out to the water, stand before him and tell him that this is what the LORD says: ‘Let My people go, so that they may worship Me.
Exodus 8:21	But if you will not let My people go, I will send swarms of flies upon you and your officials and your people and your houses. The houses of the Egyptians and even the ground where they stand will be full of flies.
Exodus 8:22	But on that day I will give special treatment to the land of Goshen, where My people live; no swarms of flies will be found there. In this way you will know that I, the LORD, am in the land.
Exodus 8:23	I will make a distinction between My people and your people. This sign will take place tomorrow.’”
Exodus 8:24	And the LORD did so. Thick swarms of flies poured into Pharaoh’s palace and into the houses of his officials. Throughout Egypt the land was ruined by swarms of flies.
Exodus 8:25	Then Pharaoh summoned Moses and Aaron and said, “Go, sacrifice to your God within this land.”
Exodus 8:26	But Moses replied, “It would not be right to do that, because the sacrifices we offer to the LORD our God would be detestable to the Egyptians. If we offer sacrifices that are detestable before the Egyptians, will they not stone us?
Exodus 8:27	We must make a three-day journey into the wilderness and sacrifice to the LORD our God as He commands us.”
Exodus 8:28	Pharaoh answered, “I will let you go and sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness, but you must not go very far. Now pray for me.”
Exodus 8:29	“As soon as I leave you,” Moses said, “I will pray to the LORD, so that tomorrow the swarms of flies will depart from Pharaoh and his officials and his people. But Pharaoh must not act deceitfully again by refusing to let the people go and sacrifice to the LORD.”
Exodus 8:30	Then Moses left Pharaoh and prayed to the LORD,
Exodus 8:31	and the LORD did as Moses requested. He removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh and his officials and his people; not one fly remained.
Exodus 8:32	But Pharaoh hardened his heart this time as well, and he would not let the people go.
Exodus 9:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Go to Pharaoh and tell him that this is what the LORD, the God of the Hebrews, says: ‘Let My people go, so that they may worship Me.
Exodus 9:2	But if you continue to restrain them and refuse to let them go,
Exodus 9:3	then the hand of the LORD will bring a severe plague on your livestock in the field—on your horses, donkeys, camels, herds, and flocks.
Exodus 9:4	But the LORD will make a distinction between the livestock of Israel and the livestock of Egypt, so that no animal belonging to the Israelites will die.’”
Exodus 9:5	The LORD set a time, saying, “Tomorrow the LORD will do this in the land.”
Exodus 9:6	And the next day the LORD did just that. All the livestock of the Egyptians died, but not one animal belonging to the Israelites died.
Exodus 9:7	Pharaoh sent officials and found that none of the livestock of the Israelites had died. But Pharaoh’s heart was hardened, and he would not let the people go.
Exodus 9:8	Then the LORD said to Moses and Aaron, “Take handfuls of soot from the furnace; in the sight of Pharaoh, Moses is to toss it into the air.
Exodus 9:9	It will become fine dust over all the land of Egypt, and festering boils will break out on man and beast throughout the land.”
Exodus 9:10	So they took soot from the furnace and stood before Pharaoh. Moses tossed it into the air, and festering boils broke out on man and beast.
Exodus 9:11	The magicians could not stand before Moses, because the boils had broken out on them and on all the Egyptians.
Exodus 9:12	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, and he would not listen to them, just as the LORD had said to Moses.
Exodus 9:13	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Get up early in the morning, stand before Pharaoh, and tell him that this is what the LORD, the God of the Hebrews, says: ‘Let My people go, so that they may worship Me.
Exodus 9:14	Otherwise, I will send all My plagues against you and your officials and your people, so you may know that there is no one like Me in all the earth.
Exodus 9:15	For by this time I could have stretched out My hand and struck you and your people with a plague to wipe you off the earth.
Exodus 9:16	But I have raised you up for this very purpose, that I might display My power to you, and that My name might be proclaimed in all the earth.
Exodus 9:17	Still, you lord it over My people and do not allow them to go.
Exodus 9:18	Behold, at this time tomorrow I will rain down the worst hail that has ever fallen on Egypt, from the day it was founded until now.
Exodus 9:19	So give orders now to shelter your livestock and everything you have in the field. Every man or beast that remains in the field and is not brought inside will die when the hail comes down upon them.’”
Exodus 9:20	Those among Pharaoh’s officials who feared the word of the LORD hurried to bring their servants and livestock to shelter,
Exodus 9:21	but those who disregarded the word of the LORD left their servants and livestock in the field.
Exodus 9:22	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Stretch out your hand toward heaven, so that hail may fall on all the land of Egypt—on man and beast and every plant of the field throughout the land of Egypt.”
Exodus 9:23	So Moses stretched out his staff toward heaven, and the LORD sent thunder and hail, and lightning struck the earth. So the LORD rained down hail upon the land of Egypt.
Exodus 9:24	The hail fell and the lightning continued flashing through it. The hail was so severe that nothing like it had ever been seen in all the land of Egypt from the time it became a nation.
Exodus 9:25	Throughout the land of Egypt, the hail struck down everything in the field, both man and beast; it beat down every plant of the field and stripped every tree.
Exodus 9:26	The only place where it did not hail was in the land of Goshen, where the Israelites lived.
Exodus 9:27	Then Pharaoh summoned Moses and Aaron. “This time I have sinned,” he said. “The LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked.
Exodus 9:28	Pray to the LORD, for there has been enough of God’s thunder and hail. I will let you go; you do not need to stay any longer.”
Exodus 9:29	Moses said to him, “When I have left the city, I will spread out my hands to the LORD. The thunder will cease, and there will be no more hail, so that you may know that the earth is the LORD’s.
Exodus 9:30	But as for you and your officials, I know that you still do not fear the LORD our God.”
Exodus 9:31	(Now the flax and barley were destroyed, since the barley was ripe and the flax was in bloom;
Exodus 9:32	but the wheat and spelt were not destroyed, because they are late crops.)
Exodus 9:33	Then Moses departed from Pharaoh, went out of the city, and spread out his hands to the LORD. The thunder and hail ceased, and the rain no longer poured down on the land.
Exodus 9:34	When Pharaoh saw that the rain and hail and thunder had ceased, he sinned again and hardened his heart—he and his officials.
Exodus 9:35	So Pharaoh’s heart was hardened, and he would not let the Israelites go, just as the LORD had said through Moses.
Exodus 10:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Go to Pharaoh, for I have hardened his heart and the hearts of his officials, that I may perform these miraculous signs of Mine among them,
Exodus 10:2	and that you may tell your children and grandchildren how severely I dealt with the Egyptians when I performed miraculous signs among them, so that all of you may know that I am the LORD.”
Exodus 10:3	So Moses and Aaron went to Pharaoh and told him, “This is what the LORD, the God of the Hebrews, says: ‘How long will you refuse to humble yourself before Me? Let My people go, so that they may worship Me.
Exodus 10:4	But if you refuse to let My people go, I will bring locusts into your territory tomorrow.
Exodus 10:5	They will cover the face of the land so that no one can see it. They will devour whatever is left after the hail and eat every tree that grows in your fields.
Exodus 10:6	They will fill your houses and the houses of all your officials and every Egyptian—something neither your fathers nor your grandfathers have seen since the day they came into this land.’” Then Moses turned and left Pharaoh’s presence.
Exodus 10:7	Pharaoh’s officials asked him, “How long will this man be a snare to us? Let the people go, so that they may worship the LORD their God. Do you not yet realize that Egypt is in ruins?”
Exodus 10:8	So Moses and Aaron were brought back to Pharaoh. “Go, worship the LORD your God,” he said. “But who exactly will be going?”
Exodus 10:9	“We will go with our young and old,” Moses replied. “We will go with our sons and daughters, and with our flocks and herds, for we must hold a feast to the LORD.”
Exodus 10:10	Then Pharaoh told them, “May the LORD be with you if I ever let you go with your little ones. Clearly you are bent on evil.
Exodus 10:11	No, only the men may go and worship the LORD, since that is what you have been requesting.” And Moses and Aaron were driven from Pharaoh’s presence.
Exodus 10:12	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, so that the locusts may swarm over it and devour every plant in the land—everything that the hail has left behind.”
Exodus 10:13	So Moses stretched out his staff over the land of Egypt, and throughout that day and night the LORD sent an east wind across the land. By morning the east wind had brought the locusts.
Exodus 10:14	The locusts swarmed across the land and settled over the entire territory of Egypt. Never before had there been so many locusts, and never again will there be.
Exodus 10:15	They covered the face of all the land until it was black, and they consumed all the plants on the ground and all the fruit on the trees that the hail had left behind. Nothing green was left on any tree or plant in all the land of Egypt.
Exodus 10:16	Pharaoh quickly summoned Moses and Aaron and said, “I have sinned against the LORD your God and against you.
Exodus 10:17	Now please forgive my sin once more and appeal to the LORD your God, that He may remove this death from me.”
Exodus 10:18	So Moses left Pharaoh’s presence and appealed to the LORD.
Exodus 10:19	And the LORD changed the wind to a very strong west wind that carried off the locusts and blew them into the Red Sea. Not a single locust remained anywhere in Egypt.
Exodus 10:20	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, and he would not let the Israelites go.
Exodus 10:21	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Stretch out your hand toward heaven, so that darkness may spread over the land of Egypt—a palpable darkness.”
Exodus 10:22	So Moses stretched out his hand toward heaven, and total darkness covered all the land of Egypt for three days.
Exodus 10:23	No one could see anyone else, and for three days no one left his place. Yet all the Israelites had light in their dwellings.
Exodus 10:24	Then Pharaoh summoned Moses and said, “Go, worship the LORD. Even your little ones may go with you; only your flocks and herds must stay behind.”
Exodus 10:25	But Moses replied, “You must also provide us with sacrifices and burnt offerings to present to the LORD our God.
Exodus 10:26	Even our livestock must go with us; not a hoof will be left behind, for we will need some of them to worship the LORD our God, and we will not know how we are to worship the LORD until we arrive.”
Exodus 10:27	But the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart, and he was unwilling to let them go.
Exodus 10:28	“Depart from me!” Pharaoh said to Moses. “Make sure you never see my face again, for on the day you see my face, you will die.”
Exodus 10:29	“As you say,” Moses replied, “I will never see your face again.”
Exodus 11:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “I will bring upon Pharaoh and Egypt one more plague. After that, he will allow you to leave this place. And when he lets you go, he will drive you out completely.
Exodus 11:2	Now announce to the people that men and women alike should ask their neighbors for articles of silver and gold.”
Exodus 11:3	And the LORD gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians. Moreover, Moses himself was highly regarded in Egypt by Pharaoh’s officials and by the people.
Exodus 11:4	So Moses declared, “This is what the LORD says: ‘About midnight I will go throughout Egypt,
Exodus 11:5	and every firstborn son in the land of Egypt will die, from the firstborn of Pharaoh who sits on his throne, to the firstborn of the servant girl behind the hand mill, as well as the firstborn of all the cattle.
Exodus 11:6	Then a great cry will go out over all the land of Egypt. Such an outcry has never been heard before and will never be heard again.
Exodus 11:7	But among all the Israelites, not even a dog will snarl at man or beast.’ Then you will know that the LORD makes a distinction between Egypt and Israel.
Exodus 11:8	And all these officials of yours will come and bow before me, saying, ‘Go, you and all the people who follow you!’ After that, I will depart.” And hot with anger, Moses left Pharaoh’s presence.
Exodus 11:9	The LORD said to Moses, “Pharaoh will not listen to you, so that My wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt.”
Exodus 11:10	Moses and Aaron did all these wonders before Pharaoh, but the LORD hardened Pharaoh’s heart so that he would not let the Israelites go out of his land.
Exodus 12:1	Now the LORD said to Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt,
Exodus 12:2	“This month is the beginning of months for you; it shall be the first month of your year.
Exodus 12:3	Tell the whole congregation of Israel that on the tenth day of this month each man must select a lamb for his family, one per household.
Exodus 12:4	If the household is too small for a whole lamb, they are to share with the nearest neighbor based on the number of people, and apportion the lamb accordingly.
Exodus 12:5	Your lamb must be an unblemished year-old male, and you may take it from the sheep or the goats.
Exodus 12:6	You must keep it until the fourteenth day of the month, when the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel will slaughter the animals at twilight.
Exodus 12:7	They are to take some of the blood and put it on the sides and tops of the doorframes of the houses where they eat the lambs.
Exodus 12:8	They are to eat the meat that night, roasted over the fire, along with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.
Exodus 12:9	Do not eat any of the meat raw or cooked in boiling water, but only roasted over the fire—its head and legs and inner parts.
Exodus 12:10	Do not leave any of it until morning; before the morning you must burn up any part that is left over.
Exodus 12:11	This is how you are to eat it: You must be fully dressed for travel, with your sandals on your feet and your staff in your hand. You are to eat in haste; it is the LORD’s Passover.
Exodus 12:12	On that night I will pass through the land of Egypt and strike down every firstborn male, both man and beast, and I will execute judgment against all the gods of Egypt. I am the LORD.
Exodus 12:13	The blood on the houses where you are staying will distinguish them; when I see the blood, I will pass over you. No plague will fall on you to destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt.
Exodus 12:14	And this day will be a memorial for you, and you are to celebrate it as a feast to the LORD, as a permanent statute for the generations to come.
Exodus 12:15	For seven days you must eat unleavened bread. On the first day you are to remove the leaven from your houses. Whoever eats anything leavened from the first day through the seventh must be cut off from Israel.
Exodus 12:16	On the first day you are to hold a sacred assembly, and another on the seventh day. You must not do any work on those days, except to prepare the meals—that is all you may do.
Exodus 12:17	So you are to keep the Feast of Unleavened Bread, for on this very day I brought your divisions out of the land of Egypt. You must keep this day as a permanent statute for the generations to come.
Exodus 12:18	In the first month you are to eat unleavened bread, from the evening of the fourteenth day until the evening of the twenty-first day.
Exodus 12:19	For seven days there must be no leaven found in your houses. If anyone eats something leavened, that person, whether a foreigner or native of the land, must be cut off from the congregation of Israel.
Exodus 12:20	You are not to eat anything leavened; eat unleavened bread in all your homes.”
Exodus 12:21	Then Moses summoned all the elders of Israel and told them, “Go at once and select for yourselves a lamb for each family, and slaughter the Passover lamb.
Exodus 12:22	Take a cluster of hyssop, dip it into the blood in the basin, and brush the blood on the top and sides of the doorframe. None of you shall go out the door of his house until morning.
Exodus 12:23	When the LORD passes through to strike down the Egyptians, He will see the blood on the top and sides of the doorframe and will pass over that doorway; so He will not allow the destroyer to enter your houses and strike you down.
Exodus 12:24	And you are to keep this command as a permanent statute for you and your descendants.
Exodus 12:25	When you enter the land that the LORD will give you as He promised, you are to keep this service.
Exodus 12:26	When your children ask you, ‘What does this service mean to you?’
Exodus 12:27	you are to reply, ‘It is the Passover sacrifice to the LORD, who passed over the houses of the Israelites in Egypt when He struck down the Egyptians and spared our homes.’” Then the people bowed down and worshiped.
Exodus 12:28	And the Israelites went and did just what the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron.
Exodus 12:29	Now at midnight the LORD struck down every firstborn male in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh, who sat on his throne, to the firstborn of the prisoner in the dungeon, as well as all the firstborn among the livestock.
Exodus 12:30	During the night Pharaoh got up—he and all his officials and all the Egyptians—and there was loud wailing in Egypt; for there was no house without someone dead.
Exodus 12:31	Then Pharaoh summoned Moses and Aaron by night and said, “Get up, leave my people, both you and the Israelites! Go, worship the LORD as you have requested.
Exodus 12:32	Take your flocks and herds as well, just as you have said, and depart! And bless me also.”
Exodus 12:33	And in order to send them out of the land quickly, the Egyptians urged the people on. “For otherwise,” they said, “we are all going to die!”
Exodus 12:34	So the people took their dough before it was leavened, carrying it on their shoulders in kneading bowls wrapped in clothing.
Exodus 12:35	Furthermore, the Israelites acted on Moses’ word and asked the Egyptians for articles of silver and gold, and for clothing.
Exodus 12:36	And the LORD gave the people such favor in the sight of the Egyptians that they granted their request. In this way they plundered the Egyptians.
Exodus 12:37	The Israelites journeyed from Rameses to Succoth with about 600,000 men on foot, besides women and children.
Exodus 12:38	And a mixed multitude also went up with them, along with great droves of livestock, both flocks and herds.
Exodus 12:39	Since their dough had no leaven, the people baked what they had brought out of Egypt into unleavened loaves. For when they had been driven out of Egypt, they could not delay and had not prepared any provisions for themselves.
Exodus 12:40	Now the duration of the Israelites’ stay in Egypt was 430 years.
Exodus 12:41	At the end of the 430 years, to the very day, all the LORD’s divisions went out of the land of Egypt.
Exodus 12:42	Because the LORD kept a vigil that night to bring them out of the land of Egypt, this same night is to be a vigil to the LORD, to be observed by all the Israelites for the generations to come.
Exodus 12:43	And the LORD said to Moses and Aaron, “This is the statute of the Passover: No foreigner is to eat of it.
Exodus 12:44	But any slave who has been purchased may eat of it, after you have circumcised him.
Exodus 12:45	A temporary resident or hired hand shall not eat the Passover.
Exodus 12:46	It must be eaten inside one house. You are not to take any of the meat outside the house, and you may not break any of the bones.
Exodus 12:47	The whole congregation of Israel must celebrate it.
Exodus 12:48	If a foreigner resides with you and wants to celebrate the LORD’s Passover, all the males in the household must be circumcised; then he may come near to celebrate it, and he shall be like a native of the land. But no uncircumcised man may eat of it.
Exodus 12:49	The same law shall apply to both the native and the foreigner who resides among you.”
Exodus 12:50	Then all the Israelites did this—they did just as the LORD had commanded Moses and Aaron.
Exodus 12:51	And on that very day the LORD brought the Israelites out of the land of Egypt by their divisions.
Exodus 13:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 13:2	“Consecrate to Me every firstborn male. The firstborn from every womb among the Israelites belongs to Me, both of man and beast.”
Exodus 13:3	So Moses told the people, “Remember this day, the day you came out of Egypt, out of the house of slavery; for the LORD brought you out of it by the strength of His hand. And nothing leavened shall be eaten.
Exodus 13:4	Today, in the month of Abib, you are leaving.
Exodus 13:5	And when the LORD brings you into the land of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Hivites, and Jebusites—the land He swore to your fathers that He would give you, a land flowing with milk and honey—you shall keep this service in this month.
Exodus 13:6	For seven days you are to eat unleavened bread, and on the seventh day there shall be a feast to the LORD.
Exodus 13:7	Unleavened bread shall be eaten during those seven days. Nothing leavened may be found among you, nor shall leaven be found anywhere within your borders.
Exodus 13:8	And on that day you are to explain to your son, ‘This is because of what the LORD did for me when I came out of Egypt.’
Exodus 13:9	It shall be a sign for you on your hand and a reminder on your forehead that the Law of the LORD is to be on your lips. For with a mighty hand the LORD brought you out of Egypt.
Exodus 13:10	Therefore you shall keep this statute at the appointed time year after year.
Exodus 13:11	And after the LORD brings you into the land of the Canaanites and gives it to you, as He swore to you and your fathers,
Exodus 13:12	you are to present to the LORD the firstborn male of every womb. All the firstborn males of your livestock belong to the LORD.
Exodus 13:13	You must redeem every firstborn donkey with a lamb, and if you do not redeem it, you are to break its neck. And every firstborn of your sons you must redeem.
Exodus 13:14	In the future, when your son asks you, ‘What does this mean?’ you are to tell him, ‘With a mighty hand the LORD brought us out of Egypt, out of the house of slavery.
Exodus 13:15	And when Pharaoh stubbornly refused to let us go, the LORD killed every firstborn in the land of Egypt, both of man and beast. This is why I sacrifice to the LORD the firstborn male of every womb, but I redeem all the firstborn of my sons.’
Exodus 13:16	So it shall serve as a sign on your hand and a symbol on your forehead, for with a mighty hand the LORD brought us out of Egypt.”
Exodus 13:17	When Pharaoh let the people go, God did not lead them along the road through the land of the Philistines, though it was shorter. For God said, “If the people face war, they might change their minds and return to Egypt.”
Exodus 13:18	So God led the people around by the way of the wilderness toward the Red Sea. And the Israelites left the land of Egypt arrayed for battle.
Exodus 13:19	Moses took the bones of Joseph with him because Joseph had made the sons of Israel swear a solemn oath when he said, “God will surely attend to you, and then you must carry my bones with you from this place.”
Exodus 13:20	They set out from Succoth and camped at Etham on the edge of the wilderness.
Exodus 13:21	And the LORD went before them in a pillar of cloud to guide their way by day, and in a pillar of fire to give them light by night, so that they could travel by day or night.
Exodus 13:22	Neither the pillar of cloud by day nor the pillar of fire by night left its place before the people.
Exodus 14:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 14:2	“Tell the Israelites to turn back and encamp before Pi-hahiroth, between Migdol and the sea. You are to encamp by the sea, directly opposite Baal-zephon.
Exodus 14:3	For Pharaoh will say of the Israelites, ‘They are wandering the land in confusion; the wilderness has boxed them in.’
Exodus 14:4	And I will harden Pharaoh’s heart so that he will pursue them. But I will gain honor by means of Pharaoh and all his army, and the Egyptians will know that I am the LORD.” So this is what the Israelites did.
Exodus 14:5	When the king of Egypt was told that the people had fled, Pharaoh and his officials changed their minds about them and said, “What have we done? We have released Israel from serving us.”
Exodus 14:6	So Pharaoh prepared his chariot and took his army with him.
Exodus 14:7	He took 600 of the best chariots, and all the other chariots of Egypt, with officers over all of them.
Exodus 14:8	And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt so that he pursued the Israelites, who were marching out defiantly.
Exodus 14:9	The Egyptians—all Pharaoh’s horses and chariots, horsemen and troops—pursued the Israelites and overtook them as they camped by the sea near Pi-hahiroth, opposite Baal-zephon.
Exodus 14:10	As Pharaoh approached, the Israelites looked up and saw the Egyptians marching after them, and they were terrified and cried out to the LORD.
Exodus 14:11	They said to Moses, “Was it because there were no graves in Egypt that you brought us into the wilderness to die? What have you done to us by bringing us out of Egypt?
Exodus 14:12	Did we not say to you in Egypt, ‘Leave us alone so that we may serve the Egyptians’? For it would have been better for us to serve the Egyptians than to die in the wilderness.”
Exodus 14:13	But Moses told the people, “Do not be afraid. Stand firm and you will see the LORD’s salvation, which He will accomplish for you today; for the Egyptians you see today, you will never see again.
Exodus 14:14	The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still.”
Exodus 14:15	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Why are you crying out to Me? Tell the Israelites to go forward.
Exodus 14:16	And as for you, lift up your staff and stretch out your hand over the sea and divide it, so that the Israelites can go through the sea on dry ground.
Exodus 14:17	And I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians so that they will go in after them. Then I will gain honor by means of Pharaoh and all his army and chariots and horsemen.
Exodus 14:18	The Egyptians will know that I am the LORD when I am honored through Pharaoh, his chariots, and his horsemen.”
Exodus 14:19	And the angel of God, who had gone before the camp of Israel, withdrew and went behind them. The pillar of cloud also moved from before them and stood behind them,
Exodus 14:20	so that it came between the camps of Egypt and Israel. The cloud was there in the darkness, but it lit up the night. So all night long neither camp went near the other.
Exodus 14:21	Then Moses stretched out his hand over the sea, and all that night the LORD drove back the sea with a strong east wind that turned it into dry land. So the waters were divided,
Exodus 14:22	and the Israelites went through the sea on dry ground, with walls of water on their right and on their left.
Exodus 14:23	And the Egyptians chased after them—all Pharaoh’s horses, chariots, and horsemen—and followed them into the sea.
Exodus 14:24	At morning watch, however, the LORD looked down on the army of the Egyptians from the pillar of fire and cloud, and He threw their camp into confusion.
Exodus 14:25	He caused their chariot wheels to wobble, so that they had difficulty driving. “Let us flee from the Israelites,” said the Egyptians, “for the LORD is fighting for them against Egypt!”
Exodus 14:26	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Stretch out your hand over the sea, so that the waters may flow back over the Egyptians and their chariots and horsemen.”
Exodus 14:27	So Moses stretched out his hand over the sea, and at daybreak the sea returned to its normal state. As the Egyptians were retreating, the LORD swept them into the sea.
Exodus 14:28	The waters flowed back and covered the chariots and horsemen—the entire army of Pharaoh that had chased the Israelites into the sea. Not one of them survived.
Exodus 14:29	But the Israelites had walked through the sea on dry ground, with walls of water on their right and on their left.
Exodus 14:30	That day the LORD saved Israel from the hand of the Egyptians, and Israel saw the Egyptians dead on the shore.
Exodus 14:31	When Israel saw the great power that the LORD had exercised over the Egyptians, the people feared the LORD and believed in Him and in His servant Moses.
Exodus 15:1	Then Moses and the Israelites sang this song to the LORD: “I will sing to the LORD, for He is highly exalted. The horse and rider He has thrown into the sea.
Exodus 15:2	The LORD is my strength and my song, and He has become my salvation. He is my God, and I will praise Him, my father’s God, and I will exalt Him.
Exodus 15:3	The LORD is a warrior, the LORD is His name.
Exodus 15:4	Pharaoh’s chariots and army He has cast into the sea; the finest of his officers are drowned in the Red Sea.
Exodus 15:5	The depths have covered them; they sank there like a stone.
Exodus 15:6	Your right hand, O LORD, is majestic in power; Your right hand, O LORD, has shattered the enemy.
Exodus 15:7	You overthrew Your adversaries by Your great majesty. You unleashed Your burning wrath; it consumed them like stubble.
Exodus 15:8	At the blast of Your nostrils the waters piled up; like a wall the currents stood firm; the depths congealed in the heart of the sea.
Exodus 15:9	The enemy declared, ‘I will pursue, I will overtake. I will divide the spoils; I will gorge myself on them. I will draw my sword; my hand will destroy them.’
Exodus 15:10	But You blew with Your breath, and the sea covered them. They sank like lead in the mighty waters.
Exodus 15:11	Who among the gods is like You, O LORD? Who is like You—majestic in holiness, revered with praises, performing wonders?
Exodus 15:12	You stretched out Your right hand, and the earth swallowed them up.
Exodus 15:13	With loving devotion You will lead the people You have redeemed; with Your strength You will guide them to Your holy dwelling.
Exodus 15:14	The nations will hear and tremble; anguish will grip the dwellers of Philistia.
Exodus 15:15	Then the chiefs of Edom will be dismayed; trembling will seize the leaders of Moab; those who dwell in Canaan will melt away,
Exodus 15:16	and terror and dread will fall on them. By the power of Your arm they will be as still as a stone until Your people pass by, O LORD, until the people You have bought pass by.
Exodus 15:17	You will bring them in and plant them on the mountain of Your inheritance—the place, O LORD, You have prepared for Your dwelling, the sanctuary, O Lord, Your hands have established.
Exodus 15:18	The LORD will reign forever and ever!”
Exodus 15:19	For when Pharaoh’s horses, chariots, and horsemen went into the sea, the LORD brought the waters of the sea back over them. But the Israelites walked through the sea on dry ground.
Exodus 15:20	Then Miriam the prophetess, Aaron’s sister, took a tambourine in her hand, and all the women followed her with tambourines and dancing.
Exodus 15:21	And Miriam sang back to them: “Sing to the LORD, for He is highly exalted; the horse and rider He has thrown into the sea.”
Exodus 15:22	Then Moses led Israel from the Red Sea, and they went out into the Desert of Shur. For three days they walked in the desert without finding water.
Exodus 15:23	And when they came to Marah, they could not drink the water there because it was bitter. (That is why it was named Marah.)
Exodus 15:24	So the people grumbled against Moses, saying, “What are we to drink?”
Exodus 15:25	And Moses cried out to the LORD, and the LORD showed him a log. And when he cast it into the waters, they were sweetened. There the LORD made for them a statute and an ordinance, and there He tested them,
Exodus 15:26	saying, “If you will listen carefully to the voice of the LORD your God, and do what is right in His eyes, and pay attention to His commands, and keep all His statutes, then I will not bring on you any of the diseases I inflicted on the Egyptians. For I am the LORD who heals you.”
Exodus 15:27	Then they came to Elim, where there were twelve springs of water and seventy palm trees, and they camped there by the waters.
Exodus 16:1	On the fifteenth day of the second month after they had left the land of Egypt, the whole congregation of Israel set out from Elim and came to the Desert of Sin, which is between Elim and Sinai.
Exodus 16:2	And there in the desert they all grumbled against Moses and Aaron.
Exodus 16:3	“If only we had died by the LORD’s hand in the land of Egypt!” they said. “There we sat by pots of meat and ate our fill of bread, but you have brought us into this desert to starve this whole assembly to death!”
Exodus 16:4	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Behold, I will rain down bread from heaven for you. Each day the people are to go out and gather enough for that day. In this way I will test whether or not they will follow My instructions.
Exodus 16:5	Then on the sixth day, when they prepare what they bring in, it will be twice as much as they gather on the other days.”
Exodus 16:6	So Moses and Aaron said to all the Israelites, “This evening you will know that it was the LORD who brought you out of the land of Egypt,
Exodus 16:7	and in the morning you will see the LORD’s glory, because He has heard your grumbling against Him. For who are we that you should grumble against us?”
Exodus 16:8	And Moses added, “The LORD will give you meat to eat this evening and bread to fill you in the morning, for He has heard your grumbling against Him. Who are we? Your grumblings are not against us but against the LORD.”
Exodus 16:9	Then Moses said to Aaron, “Tell the whole congregation of Israel, ‘Come before the LORD, for He has heard your grumbling.’”
Exodus 16:10	And as Aaron was speaking to the whole congregation of Israel, they looked toward the desert, and there in a cloud the glory of the LORD appeared.
Exodus 16:11	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 16:12	“I have heard the grumbling of the Israelites. Tell them, ‘At twilight you will eat meat, and in the morning you will be filled with bread. Then you will know that I am the LORD your God.’”
Exodus 16:13	That evening quail came and covered the camp, and in the morning there was a layer of dew around the camp.
Exodus 16:14	When the layer of dew had evaporated, there were thin flakes on the desert floor, as fine as frost on the ground.
Exodus 16:15	When the Israelites saw it, they asked one another, “What is it?” For they did not know what it was. So Moses told them, “It is the bread that the LORD has given you to eat.
Exodus 16:16	This is what the LORD has commanded: ‘Each one is to gather as much as he needs. You may take an omer for each person in your tent.’”
Exodus 16:17	So the Israelites did this. Some gathered more, and some less.
Exodus 16:18	When they measured it by the omer, he who gathered much had no excess, and he who gathered little had no shortfall. Each one gathered as much as he needed to eat.
Exodus 16:19	Then Moses said to them, “No one may keep any of it until morning.”
Exodus 16:20	But they did not listen to Moses; some people left part of it until morning, and it became infested with maggots and began to smell. So Moses was angry with them.
Exodus 16:21	Every morning each one gathered as much as was needed, and when the sun grew hot, it melted away.
Exodus 16:22	On the sixth day, they gathered twice as much food—two omers per person—and all the leaders of the congregation came and reported this to Moses.
Exodus 16:23	He told them, “This is what the LORD has said: ‘Tomorrow is to be a day of complete rest, a holy Sabbath to the LORD. So bake what you want to bake, and boil what you want to boil. Then set aside whatever remains and keep it until morning.’”
Exodus 16:24	So they set it aside until morning as Moses had commanded, and it did not smell or contain any maggots.
Exodus 16:25	“Eat it today,” Moses said, “because today is a Sabbath to the LORD. Today you will not find anything in the field.
Exodus 16:26	For six days you may gather, but on the seventh day, the Sabbath, it will not be there.”
Exodus 16:27	Yet on the seventh day some of the people went out to gather, but they did not find anything.
Exodus 16:28	Then the LORD said to Moses, “How long will you refuse to keep My commandments and instructions?
Exodus 16:29	Understand that the LORD has given you the Sabbath; that is why on the sixth day He will give you bread for two days. On the seventh day, everyone must stay where he is; no one may leave his place.”
Exodus 16:30	So the people rested on the seventh day.
Exodus 16:31	Now the house of Israel called the bread manna. It was white like coriander seed and tasted like wafers made with honey.
Exodus 16:32	Moses said, “This is what the LORD has commanded: ‘Keep an omer of manna for the generations to come, so that they may see the bread I fed you in the wilderness when I brought you out of the land of Egypt.’”
Exodus 16:33	So Moses told Aaron, “Take a jar and fill it with an omer of manna. Then place it before the LORD to be preserved for the generations to come.”
Exodus 16:34	And Aaron placed it in front of the Testimony, to be preserved just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 16:35	The Israelites ate manna forty years, until they came to a land where they could settle; they ate manna until they reached the border of Canaan.
Exodus 16:36	(Now an omer is a tenth of an ephah.)
Exodus 17:1	Then the whole congregation of Israel left the Desert of Sin, moving from place to place as the LORD commanded. They camped at Rephidim, but there was no water for the people to drink.
Exodus 17:2	So the people contended with Moses, “Give us water to drink.” “Why do you contend with me?” Moses replied. “Why do you test the LORD?”
Exodus 17:3	But the people thirsted for water there, and they grumbled against Moses: “Why have you brought us out of Egypt—to make us and our children and livestock die of thirst?”
Exodus 17:4	Then Moses cried out to the LORD, “What should I do with these people? A little more and they will stone me!”
Exodus 17:5	And the LORD said to Moses, “Walk on ahead of the people and take some of the elders of Israel with you. Take along in your hand the staff with which you struck the Nile, and go.
Exodus 17:6	Behold, I will stand there before you by the rock at Horeb. And when you strike the rock, water will come out of it for the people to drink.” So Moses did this in the sight of the elders of Israel.
Exodus 17:7	He named the place Massah and Meribah because the Israelites quarreled, and because they tested the LORD, saying, “Is the LORD among us or not?”
Exodus 17:8	After this, the Amalekites came and attacked the Israelites at Rephidim.
Exodus 17:9	So Moses said to Joshua, “Choose some of our men and go out to fight the Amalekites. Tomorrow I will stand on the hilltop with the staff of God in my hand.”
Exodus 17:10	Joshua did as Moses had instructed him and fought against the Amalekites, while Moses, Aaron, and Hur went up to the top of the hill.
Exodus 17:11	As long as Moses held up his hands, Israel prevailed; but when he lowered them, Amalek prevailed.
Exodus 17:12	When Moses’ hands grew heavy, they took a stone and put it under him, and he sat on it. Then Aaron and Hur held his hands up, one on each side, so that his hands remained steady until the sun went down.
Exodus 17:13	So Joshua overwhelmed Amalek and his army with the sword.
Exodus 17:14	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Write this on a scroll as a reminder and recite it to Joshua, because I will utterly blot out the memory of Amalek from under heaven.”
Exodus 17:15	And Moses built an altar and named it The LORD Is My Banner.
Exodus 17:16	“Indeed,” he said, “a hand was lifted up toward the throne of the LORD. The LORD will war against Amalek from generation to generation.”
Exodus 18:1	Now Moses’ father-in-law Jethro, the priest of Midian, heard about all that God had done for Moses and His people Israel, and how the LORD had brought Israel out of Egypt.
Exodus 18:2	After Moses had sent back his wife Zipporah, his father-in-law Jethro had received her,
Exodus 18:3	along with her two sons. One son was named Gershom, for Moses had said, “I have been a foreigner in a foreign land.”
Exodus 18:4	The other son was named Eliezer, for Moses had said, “The God of my father was my helper and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh.”
Exodus 18:5	Moses’ father-in-law Jethro, along with Moses’ wife and sons, came to him in the desert, where he was encamped at the mountain of God.
Exodus 18:6	He sent word to Moses, “I, your father-in-law Jethro, am coming to you with your wife and her two sons.”
Exodus 18:7	So Moses went out to meet his father-in-law and bowed down and kissed him. They greeted each other and went into the tent.
Exodus 18:8	Then Moses recounted to his father-in-law all that the LORD had done to Pharaoh and the Egyptians for Israel’s sake, all the hardships they had encountered along the way, and how the LORD had delivered them.
Exodus 18:9	And Jethro rejoiced over all the good things the LORD had done for Israel, whom He had rescued from the hand of the Egyptians.
Exodus 18:10	Jethro declared, “Blessed be the LORD, who has delivered you from the hand of the Egyptians and of Pharaoh, and who has delivered the people from the hand of the Egyptians.
Exodus 18:11	Now I know that the LORD is greater than all other gods, for He did this when they treated Israel with arrogance.”
Exodus 18:12	Then Moses’ father-in-law Jethro brought a burnt offering and sacrifices to God, and Aaron came with all the elders of Israel to eat bread with Moses’ father-in-law in the presence of God.
Exodus 18:13	The next day Moses took his seat to judge the people, and they stood around him from morning until evening.
Exodus 18:14	When his father-in-law saw all that Moses was doing for the people, he asked, “What is this that you are doing for the people? Why do you sit alone as judge, with all the people standing around you from morning till evening?”
Exodus 18:15	“Because the people come to me to inquire of God,” Moses replied.
Exodus 18:16	“Whenever they have a dispute, it is brought to me to judge between one man and another, and I make known to them the statutes and laws of God.”
Exodus 18:17	But Moses’ father-in-law said to him, “What you are doing is not good.
Exodus 18:18	Surely you and these people with you will wear yourselves out, because the task is too heavy for you. You cannot handle it alone.
Exodus 18:19	Now listen to me; I will give you some advice, and may God be with you. You must be the people’s representative before God and bring their causes to Him.
Exodus 18:20	Teach them the statutes and laws, and show them the way to live and the work they must do.
Exodus 18:21	Furthermore, select capable men from among the people—God-fearing, trustworthy men who are averse to dishonest gain. Appoint them over the people as leaders of thousands, of hundreds, of fifties, and of tens.
Exodus 18:22	Have these men judge the people at all times. Then they can bring you any major issue, but all minor cases they can judge on their own, so that your load may be lightened as they share it with you.
Exodus 18:23	If you follow this advice and God so directs you, then you will be able to endure, and all these people can go home in peace.”
Exodus 18:24	Moses listened to his father-in-law and did everything he said.
Exodus 18:25	So Moses chose capable men from all Israel and made them heads over the people as leaders of thousands, of hundreds, of fifties, and of tens.
Exodus 18:26	And they judged the people at all times; they would bring the difficult cases to Moses, but any minor issue they would judge themselves.
Exodus 18:27	Then Moses sent his father-in-law on his way, and Jethro returned to his own land.
Exodus 19:1	In the third month, on the same day of the month that the Israelites had left the land of Egypt, they came to the Wilderness of Sinai.
Exodus 19:2	After they had set out from Rephidim, they entered the Wilderness of Sinai, and Israel camped there in front of the mountain.
Exodus 19:3	Then Moses went up to God, and the LORD called to him from the mountain, “This is what you are to tell the house of Jacob and explain to the sons of Israel:
Exodus 19:4	‘You have seen for yourselves what I did to Egypt, and how I carried you on eagles’ wings and brought you to Myself.
Exodus 19:5	Now if you will indeed obey My voice and keep My covenant, you will be My treasured possession out of all the nations—for the whole earth is Mine.
Exodus 19:6	And unto Me you shall be a kingdom of priests and a holy nation.’ These are the words that you are to speak to the Israelites.”
Exodus 19:7	So Moses went back and summoned the elders of the people and set before them all these words that the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 19:8	And all the people answered together, “We will do everything that the LORD has spoken.” So Moses brought their words back to the LORD.
Exodus 19:9	The LORD said to Moses, “Behold, I will come to you in a dense cloud, so that the people will hear when I speak with you, and they will always put their trust in you.” And Moses relayed to the LORD what the people had said.
Exodus 19:10	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Go to the people and consecrate them today and tomorrow. They must wash their clothes
Exodus 19:11	and be prepared by the third day, for on the third day the LORD will come down on Mount Sinai in the sight of all the people.
Exodus 19:12	And you are to set up a boundary for the people around the mountain and tell them, ‘Be careful not to go up on the mountain or touch its base. Whoever touches the mountain shall surely be put to death.
Exodus 19:13	No hand shall touch him, but he shall surely be stoned or shot with arrows—whether man or beast, he must not live.’ Only when the ram’s horn sounds a long blast may they approach the mountain.”
Exodus 19:14	When Moses came down from the mountain to the people, he consecrated them, and they washed their clothes.
Exodus 19:15	“Be prepared for the third day,” he said to the people. “Do not draw near to a woman.”
Exodus 19:16	On the third day, when morning came, there was thunder and lightning. A thick cloud was upon the mountain, and a very loud blast of the ram’s horn went out, so that all the people in the camp trembled.
Exodus 19:17	Then Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet with God, and they stood at the foot of the mountain.
Exodus 19:18	Mount Sinai was completely enveloped in smoke, because the LORD had descended on it in fire. And the smoke rose like the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mountain quaked violently.
Exodus 19:19	And as the sound of the ram’s horn grew louder and louder, Moses spoke and God answered him in the thunder.
Exodus 19:20	The LORD descended to the top of Mount Sinai and called Moses to the summit. So Moses went up,
Exodus 19:21	and the LORD said to him, “Go down and warn the people not to break through to see the LORD, lest many of them perish.
Exodus 19:22	Even the priests who approach the LORD must consecrate themselves, or the LORD will break out against them.”
Exodus 19:23	But Moses said to the LORD, “The people cannot come up Mount Sinai, for You solemnly warned us, ‘Put a boundary around the mountain and set it apart as holy.’”
Exodus 19:24	And the LORD replied, “Go down and bring Aaron with you. But the priests and the people must not break through to come up to the LORD, or He will break out against them.”
Exodus 19:25	So Moses went down to the people and spoke to them.
Exodus 20:1	And God spoke all these words:
Exodus 20:2	“I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of slavery.
Exodus 20:3	You shall have no other gods before Me.
Exodus 20:4	You shall not make for yourself an idol in the form of anything in the heavens above, on the earth below, or in the waters beneath.
Exodus 20:5	You shall not bow down to them or worship them; for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on their children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me,
Exodus 20:6	but showing loving devotion to a thousand generations of those who love Me and keep My commandments.
Exodus 20:7	You shall not take the name of the LORD your God in vain, for the LORD will not leave anyone unpunished who takes His name in vain.
Exodus 20:8	Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy.
Exodus 20:9	Six days you shall labor and do all your work,
Exodus 20:10	but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God, on which you must not do any work—neither you, nor your son or daughter, nor your manservant or maidservant or livestock, nor the foreigner within your gates.
Exodus 20:11	For in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth and the sea and all that is in them, but on the seventh day He rested. Therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day and set it apart as holy.
Exodus 20:12	Honor your father and mother, so that your days may be long in the land that the LORD your God is giving you.
Exodus 20:13	You shall not murder.
Exodus 20:14	You shall not commit adultery.
Exodus 20:15	You shall not steal.
Exodus 20:16	You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.
Exodus 20:17	You shall not covet your neighbor’s house. You shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, or his manservant or maidservant, or his ox or donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.”
Exodus 20:18	When all the people witnessed the thunder and lightning, the sounding of the ram’s horn, and the mountain enveloped in smoke, they trembled and stood at a distance.
Exodus 20:19	“Speak to us yourself and we will listen,” they said to Moses. “But do not let God speak to us, or we will die.”
Exodus 20:20	“Do not be afraid,” Moses replied. “For God has come to test you, so that the fear of Him may be before you, to keep you from sinning.”
Exodus 20:21	And the people stood at a distance as Moses approached the thick darkness where God was.
Exodus 20:22	Then the LORD said to Moses, “This is what you are to tell the Israelites: ‘You have seen for yourselves that I have spoken to you from heaven.
Exodus 20:23	You are not to make any gods alongside Me; you are not to make for yourselves gods of silver or gold.
Exodus 20:24	You are to make for Me an altar of earth, and sacrifice on it your burnt offerings and peace offerings, your sheep and goats and cattle. In every place where I cause My name to be remembered, I will come to you and bless you.
Exodus 20:25	Now if you make an altar of stones for Me, you must not build it with stones shaped by tools; for if you use a chisel on it, you will defile it.
Exodus 20:26	And you must not go up to My altar on steps, lest your nakedness be exposed on it.’
Exodus 21:1	“These are the ordinances that you are to set before them:
Exodus 21:2	If you buy a Hebrew servant, he is to serve you for six years. But in the seventh year, he shall go free without paying anything.
Exodus 21:3	If he arrived alone, he is to leave alone; if he arrived with a wife, she is to leave with him.
Exodus 21:4	If his master gives him a wife and she bears him sons or daughters, the woman and her children shall belong to her master, and only the man shall go free.
Exodus 21:5	But if the servant declares, ‘I love my master and my wife and children; I do not want to go free,’
Exodus 21:6	then his master is to bring him before the judges. And he shall take him to the door or doorpost and pierce his ear with an awl. Then he shall serve his master for life.
Exodus 21:7	And if a man sells his daughter as a servant, she is not to go free as the menservants do.
Exodus 21:8	If she is displeasing in the eyes of her master who had designated her for himself, he must allow her to be redeemed. He has no right to sell her to foreigners, since he has broken faith with her.
Exodus 21:9	And if he chooses her for his son, he must deal with her as with a daughter.
Exodus 21:10	If he takes another wife, he must not reduce the food, clothing, or marital rights of his first wife.
Exodus 21:11	If, however, he does not provide her with these three things, she is free to go without monetary payment.
Exodus 21:12	Whoever strikes and kills a man must surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:13	If, however, he did not lie in wait, but God allowed it to happen, then I will appoint for you a place where he may flee.
Exodus 21:14	But if a man schemes and acts willfully against his neighbor to kill him, you must take him away from My altar to be put to death.
Exodus 21:15	Whoever strikes his father or mother must surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:16	Whoever kidnaps another man must be put to death, whether he sells him or the man is found in his possession.
Exodus 21:17	Anyone who curses his father or mother must surely be put to death.
Exodus 21:18	If men are quarreling and one strikes the other with a stone or a fist, and he does not die but is confined to bed,
Exodus 21:19	then the one who struck him shall go unpunished, as long as the other can get up and walk around outside with his staff. Nevertheless, he must compensate the man for his lost work and see that he is completely healed.
Exodus 21:20	If a man strikes his manservant or maidservant with a rod, and the servant dies by his hand, he shall surely be punished.
Exodus 21:21	However, if the servant gets up after a day or two, the owner shall not be punished, since the servant is his property.
Exodus 21:22	If men who are fighting strike a pregnant woman and her child is born prematurely, but there is no further injury, he shall surely be fined as the woman’s husband demands and as the court allows.
Exodus 21:23	But if a serious injury results, then you must require a life for a life—
Exodus 21:24	eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
Exodus 21:25	burn for burn, wound for wound, and stripe for stripe.
Exodus 21:26	If a man strikes and blinds the eye of his manservant or maidservant, he must let the servant go free as compensation for the eye.
Exodus 21:27	And if he knocks out the tooth of his manservant or maidservant, he must let the servant go free as compensation for the tooth.
Exodus 21:28	If an ox gores a man or woman to death, the ox must surely be stoned, and its meat must not be eaten. But the owner of the ox shall not be held responsible.
Exodus 21:29	But if the ox has a habit of goring, and its owner has been warned yet does not restrain it, and it kills a man or woman, then the ox must be stoned and its owner must also be put to death.
Exodus 21:30	If payment is demanded of him instead, he may redeem his life by paying the full amount demanded of him.
Exodus 21:31	If the ox gores a son or a daughter, it shall be done to him according to the same rule.
Exodus 21:32	If the ox gores a manservant or maidservant, the owner must pay thirty shekels of silver to the master of that servant, and the ox must be stoned.
Exodus 21:33	If a man opens or digs a pit and fails to cover it, and an ox or a donkey falls into it,
Exodus 21:34	the owner of the pit shall make restitution; he must pay its owner, and the dead animal will be his.
Exodus 21:35	If a man’s ox injures his neighbor’s ox and it dies, they must sell the live one and divide the proceeds; they also must divide the dead animal.
Exodus 21:36	But if it was known that the ox had a habit of goring, yet its owner failed to restrain it, he shall pay full compensation, ox for ox, and the dead animal will be his.
Exodus 22:1	“If a man steals an ox or a sheep and slaughters or sells it, he must repay five oxen for an ox and four sheep for a sheep.
Exodus 22:2	If a thief is caught breaking in and is beaten to death, no one shall be guilty of bloodshed.
Exodus 22:3	But if it happens after sunrise, there is guilt for his bloodshed. A thief must make full restitution; if he has nothing, he himself shall be sold for his theft.
Exodus 22:4	If what was stolen is actually found alive in his possession—whether ox or donkey or sheep—he must pay back double.
Exodus 22:5	If a man grazes his livestock in a field or vineyard and allows them to stray so that they graze in someone else’s field, he must make restitution from the best of his own field or vineyard.
Exodus 22:6	If a fire breaks out and spreads to thornbushes so that it consumes stacked or standing grain, or the whole field, the one who started the fire must make full restitution.
Exodus 22:7	If a man gives his neighbor money or goods for safekeeping and they are stolen from the neighbor’s house, the thief, if caught, must pay back double.
Exodus 22:8	If the thief is not found, the owner of the house must appear before the judges to determine whether he has taken his neighbor’s property.
Exodus 22:9	In all cases of illegal possession of an ox, a donkey, a sheep, a garment, or any lost item that someone claims, ‘This is mine,’ both parties shall bring their cases before the judges. The one whom the judges find guilty must pay back double to his neighbor.
Exodus 22:10	If a man gives a donkey, an ox, a sheep, or any other animal to be cared for by his neighbor, but it dies or is injured or stolen while no one is watching,
Exodus 22:11	an oath before the LORD shall be made between the parties to determine whether or not the man has taken his neighbor’s property. The owner must accept the oath and require no restitution.
Exodus 22:12	But if the animal was actually stolen from the neighbor, he must make restitution to the owner.
Exodus 22:13	If the animal was torn to pieces, he shall bring it as evidence; he need not make restitution for the torn carcass.
Exodus 22:14	If a man borrows an animal from his neighbor and it is injured or dies while its owner is not present, he must make full restitution.
Exodus 22:15	If the owner was present, no restitution is required. If the animal was rented, the fee covers the loss.
Exodus 22:16	If a man seduces a virgin who is not pledged in marriage and sleeps with her, he must pay the full dowry for her to be his wife.
Exodus 22:17	If her father absolutely refuses to give her to him, the man still must pay an amount comparable to the bridal price of a virgin.
Exodus 22:18	You must not allow a sorceress to live.
Exodus 22:19	Whoever lies with an animal must surely be put to death.
Exodus 22:20	If anyone sacrifices to any god other than the LORD alone, he must be set apart for destruction.
Exodus 22:21	You must not exploit or oppress a foreign resident, for you yourselves were foreigners in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 22:22	You must not mistreat any widow or orphan.
Exodus 22:23	If you do mistreat them, and they cry out to Me in distress, I will surely hear their cry.
Exodus 22:24	My anger will be kindled, and I will kill you with the sword; then your wives will become widows and your children will be fatherless.
Exodus 22:25	If you lend money to one of My people among you who is poor, you must not act as a creditor to him; you are not to charge him interest.
Exodus 22:26	If you take your neighbor’s cloak as collateral, return it to him by sunset,
Exodus 22:27	because his cloak is the only covering he has for his body. What else will he sleep in? And if he cries out to Me, I will hear, for I am compassionate.
Exodus 22:28	You must not blaspheme God or curse the ruler of your people.
Exodus 22:29	You must not hold back offerings from your granaries or vats. You are to give Me the firstborn of your sons.
Exodus 22:30	You shall do likewise with your cattle and your sheep. Let them stay with their mothers for seven days, but on the eighth day you are to give them to Me.
Exodus 22:31	You are to be My holy people. You must not eat the meat of a mauled animal found in the field; you are to throw it to the dogs.
Exodus 23:1	“You shall not spread a false report. Do not join the wicked by being a malicious witness.
Exodus 23:2	You shall not follow the crowd in wrongdoing. When you testify in a lawsuit, do not pervert justice by siding with the crowd.
Exodus 23:3	And do not show favoritism to a poor man in his lawsuit.
Exodus 23:4	If you encounter your enemy’s stray ox or donkey, you must return it to him.
Exodus 23:5	If you see the donkey of one who hates you fallen under its load, do not leave it there; you must help him with it.
Exodus 23:6	You shall not deny justice to the poor in their lawsuits.
Exodus 23:7	Stay far away from a false accusation. Do not kill the innocent or the just, for I will not acquit the guilty.
Exodus 23:8	Do not accept a bribe, for a bribe blinds those who see and twists the words of the righteous.
Exodus 23:9	Do not oppress a foreign resident, since you yourselves know how it feels to be foreigners; for you were foreigners in the land of Egypt.
Exodus 23:10	For six years you are to sow your land and gather its produce,
Exodus 23:11	but in the seventh year you must let it rest and lie fallow, so that the poor among your people may eat from the field and the wild animals may consume what they leave. Do the same with your vineyard and olive grove.
Exodus 23:12	For six days you are to do your work, but on the seventh day you must cease, so that your ox and your donkey may rest and the son of your maidservant may be refreshed, as well as the foreign resident.
Exodus 23:13	Pay close attention to everything I have said to you. You must not invoke the names of other gods; they must not be heard on your lips.
Exodus 23:14	Three times a year you are to celebrate a feast to Me.
Exodus 23:15	You are to keep the Feast of Unleavened Bread as I commanded you: At the appointed time in the month of Abib you are to eat unleavened bread for seven days, because that was the month you came out of Egypt. No one may appear before Me empty-handed.
Exodus 23:16	You are also to keep the Feast of Harvest with the firstfruits of the produce from what you sow in the field. And keep the Feast of Ingathering at the end of the year, when you gather your produce from the field.
Exodus 23:17	Three times a year all your males are to appear before the Lord GOD.
Exodus 23:18	You must not offer the blood of My sacrifices with anything leavened, nor may the fat of My feast remain until morning.
Exodus 23:19	Bring the best of the firstfruits of your soil to the house of the LORD your God. You must not cook a young goat in its mother’s milk.
Exodus 23:20	Behold, I am sending an angel before you to protect you along the way and to bring you to the place I have prepared.
Exodus 23:21	Pay attention to him and listen to his voice; do not defy him, for he will not forgive rebellion, since My Name is in him.
Exodus 23:22	But if you will listen carefully to his voice and do everything I say, I will be an enemy to your enemies and a foe to your foes.
Exodus 23:23	For My angel will go before you and bring you into the land of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Canaanites, Hivites, and Jebusites, and I will annihilate them.
Exodus 23:24	You must not bow down to their gods or serve them or follow their practices. Instead, you are to demolish them and smash their sacred stones to pieces.
Exodus 23:25	So you shall serve the LORD your God, and He will bless your bread and your water. And I will take away sickness from among you.
Exodus 23:26	No woman in your land will miscarry or be barren; I will fulfill the number of your days.
Exodus 23:27	I will send My terror ahead of you and throw into confusion every nation you encounter. I will make all your enemies turn and run.
Exodus 23:28	I will send the hornet before you to drive the Hivites and Canaanites and Hittites out of your way.
Exodus 23:29	I will not drive them out before you in a single year; otherwise the land would become desolate and wild animals would multiply against you.
Exodus 23:30	Little by little I will drive them out ahead of you, until you become fruitful and possess the land.
Exodus 23:31	And I will establish your borders from the Red Sea to the Sea of the Philistines, and from the desert to the Euphrates. For I will deliver the inhabitants into your hand, and you will drive them out before you.
Exodus 23:32	You shall make no covenant with them or with their gods.
Exodus 23:33	They must not remain in your land, lest they cause you to sin against Me. For if you serve their gods, it will surely be a snare to you.”
Exodus 24:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Come up to the LORD—you and Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, and seventy of Israel’s elders—and you are to worship at a distance.
Exodus 24:2	Moses alone shall approach the LORD, but the others must not come near. And the people may not go up with him.”
Exodus 24:3	When Moses came and told the people all the words and ordinances of the LORD, they all responded with one voice: “All the words that the LORD has spoken, we will do.”
Exodus 24:4	And Moses wrote down all the words of the LORD. Early the next morning he got up and built an altar at the base of the mountain, along with twelve pillars for the twelve tribes of Israel.
Exodus 24:5	Then he sent out some young men of Israel, and they offered burnt offerings and sacrificed young bulls as peace offerings to the LORD.
Exodus 24:6	Moses took half of the blood and put it in bowls, and the other half he sprinkled on the altar.
Exodus 24:7	Then he took the Book of the Covenant and read it to the people, who replied, “All that the LORD has spoken we will do, and we will be obedient.”
Exodus 24:8	So Moses took the blood, sprinkled it on the people, and said, “This is the blood of the covenant that the LORD has made with you in accordance with all these words.”
Exodus 24:9	Then Moses went up with Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel,
Exodus 24:10	and they saw the God of Israel. Under His feet was a work like a pavement made of sapphire, as clear as the sky itself.
Exodus 24:11	But God did not lay His hand on the nobles of Israel; they saw Him, and they ate and drank.
Exodus 24:12	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Come up to Me on the mountain and stay here, so that I may give you the tablets of stone, with the law and commandments I have written for their instruction.”
Exodus 24:13	So Moses set out with Joshua his attendant and went up on the mountain of God.
Exodus 24:14	And he said to the elders, “Wait here for us until we return to you. Aaron and Hur are here with you. Whoever has a dispute can go to them.”
Exodus 24:15	When Moses went up on the mountain, the cloud covered it,
Exodus 24:16	and the glory of the LORD settled on Mount Sinai. For six days the cloud covered it, and on the seventh day the LORD called to Moses from within the cloud.
Exodus 24:17	And the sight of the glory of the LORD was like a consuming fire on the mountaintop in the eyes of the Israelites.
Exodus 24:18	Moses entered the cloud as he went up on the mountain, and he remained on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
Exodus 25:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 25:2	“Tell the Israelites to bring Me an offering. You are to receive My offering from every man whose heart compels him.
Exodus 25:3	This is the offering you are to accept from them: gold, silver, and bronze;
Exodus 25:4	blue, purple, and scarlet yarn; fine linen and goat hair;
Exodus 25:5	ram skins dyed red and fine leather; acacia wood;
Exodus 25:6	olive oil for the light; spices for the anointing oil and for the fragrant incense;
Exodus 25:7	and onyx stones and gemstones to be mounted on the ephod and breastpiece.
Exodus 25:8	And they are to make a sanctuary for Me, so that I may dwell among them.
Exodus 25:9	You must make the tabernacle and design all its furnishings according to the pattern I show you.
Exodus 25:10	And they are to construct an ark of acacia wood, two and a half cubits long, a cubit and a half wide, and a cubit and a half high.
Exodus 25:11	Overlay it with pure gold both inside and out, and make a gold molding around it.
Exodus 25:12	Cast four gold rings for it and fasten them to its four feet, two rings on one side and two on the other.
Exodus 25:13	And make poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold.
Exodus 25:14	Insert the poles into the rings on the sides of the ark, in order to carry it.
Exodus 25:15	The poles are to remain in the rings of the ark; they must not be removed.
Exodus 25:16	And place inside the ark the Testimony, which I will give you.
Exodus 25:17	And you are to construct a mercy seat of pure gold, two and a half cubits long and a cubit and a half wide.
Exodus 25:18	Make two cherubim of hammered gold at the ends of the mercy seat,
Exodus 25:19	one cherub on one end and one on the other, all made from one piece of gold.
Exodus 25:20	And the cherubim are to have wings that spread upward, overshadowing the mercy seat. The cherubim are to face each other, looking toward the mercy seat.
Exodus 25:21	Set the mercy seat atop the ark, and put the Testimony that I will give you into the ark.
Exodus 25:22	And I will meet with you there above the mercy seat, between the two cherubim that are over the ark of the Testimony; I will speak with you about all that I command you regarding the Israelites.
Exodus 25:23	You are also to make a table of acacia wood two cubits long, a cubit wide, and a cubit and a half high.
Exodus 25:24	Overlay it with pure gold and make a gold molding around it.
Exodus 25:25	And make a rim around it a handbreadth wide and put a gold molding on the rim.
Exodus 25:26	Make four gold rings for the table and fasten them to the four corners at its four legs.
Exodus 25:27	The rings are to be close to the rim, to serve as holders for the poles used to carry the table.
Exodus 25:28	Make the poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold, so that the table may be carried with them.
Exodus 25:29	You are also to make the plates and dishes, as well as the pitchers and bowls for pouring drink offerings. Make them out of pure gold.
Exodus 25:30	And place the Bread of the Presence on the table before Me at all times.
Exodus 25:31	Then you are to make a lampstand of pure, hammered gold. It shall be made of one piece, including its base and shaft, its cups, and its buds and petals.
Exodus 25:32	Six branches are to extend from the sides of the lampstand—three on one side and three on the other.
Exodus 25:33	There are to be three cups shaped like almond blossoms on the first branch, each with buds and petals, three on the next branch, and the same for all six branches that extend from the lampstand.
Exodus 25:34	And on the lampstand there shall be four cups shaped like almond blossoms with buds and petals.
Exodus 25:35	For the six branches that extend from the lampstand, a bud must be under the first pair of branches, a bud under the second pair, and a bud under the third pair.
Exodus 25:36	The buds and branches are to be all of one piece with the lampstand, hammered out of pure gold.
Exodus 25:37	Make seven lamps and set them up on the lampstand so that they illuminate the area in front of it.
Exodus 25:38	The wick trimmers and their trays must be of pure gold.
Exodus 25:39	The lampstand and all these utensils shall be made from a talent of pure gold.
Exodus 25:40	See to it that you make everything according to the pattern shown you on the mountain.
Exodus 26:1	“You are to construct the tabernacle itself with ten curtains of finely spun linen, each with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and cherubim skillfully worked into them.
Exodus 26:2	Each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits long and four cubits wide—all curtains the same size.
Exodus 26:3	Five of the curtains are to be joined together, and the other five joined as well.
Exodus 26:4	Make loops of blue material on the edge of the end curtain in the first set, and do the same for the end curtain in the second set.
Exodus 26:5	Make fifty loops on one curtain and fifty loops on the end curtain of the second set, so that the loops line up opposite one another.
Exodus 26:6	Make fifty gold clasps as well, and join the curtains together with the clasps, so that the tabernacle will be a unit.
Exodus 26:7	You are to make curtains of goat hair for the tent over the tabernacle—eleven curtains in all.
Exodus 26:8	Each of the eleven curtains is to be the same size—thirty cubits long and four cubits wide.
Exodus 26:9	Join five of the curtains into one set and the other six into another. Then fold the sixth curtain over double at the front of the tent.
Exodus 26:10	Make fifty loops along the edge of the end curtain in the first set, and fifty loops along the edge of the corresponding curtain in the second set.
Exodus 26:11	Make fifty bronze clasps and put them through the loops to join the tent together as a unit.
Exodus 26:12	As for the overlap that remains of the tent curtains, the half curtain that is left over shall hang down over the back of the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:13	And the tent curtains will be a cubit longer on either side, and the excess will hang over the sides of the tabernacle to cover it.
Exodus 26:14	Also make a covering for the tent out of ram skins dyed red, and over that a covering of fine leather.
Exodus 26:15	You are to construct upright frames of acacia wood for the tabernacle.
Exodus 26:16	Each frame is to be ten cubits long and a cubit and a half wide.
Exodus 26:17	Two tenons must be connected to each other for each frame. Make all the frames of the tabernacle in this way.
Exodus 26:18	Construct twenty frames for the south side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 26:19	with forty silver bases under the twenty frames—two bases for each frame, one under each tenon.
Exodus 26:20	For the second side of the tabernacle, the north side, make twenty frames
Exodus 26:21	and forty silver bases—two bases under each frame.
Exodus 26:22	Make six frames for the rear of the tabernacle, the west side,
Exodus 26:23	and two frames for the two back corners of the tabernacle,
Exodus 26:24	coupled together from bottom to top and fitted into a single ring. These will serve as the two corners.
Exodus 26:25	So there are to be eight frames and sixteen silver bases—two under each frame.
Exodus 26:26	You are also to make five crossbars of acacia wood for the frames on one side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 26:27	five for those on the other side, and five for those on the rear side of the tabernacle, to the west.
Exodus 26:28	The central crossbar in the middle of the frames shall extend from one end to the other.
Exodus 26:29	Overlay the frames with gold and make gold rings to hold the crossbars. Also overlay the crossbars with gold.
Exodus 26:30	So you are to set up the tabernacle according to the pattern shown you on the mountain.
Exodus 26:31	Make a veil of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen, with cherubim skillfully worked into it.
Exodus 26:32	Hang it with gold hooks on four posts of acacia wood, overlaid with gold and standing on four silver bases.
Exodus 26:33	And hang the veil from the clasps and place the ark of the Testimony behind the veil. So the veil will separate the Holy Place from the Most Holy Place.
Exodus 26:34	Put the mercy seat on the ark of the Testimony in the Most Holy Place.
Exodus 26:35	And place the table outside the veil on the north side of the tabernacle, and put the lampstand opposite the table, on the south side.
Exodus 26:36	For the entrance to the tent, you are to make a curtain embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen.
Exodus 26:37	Make five posts of acacia wood for the curtain, overlay them with gold hooks, and cast five bronze bases for them.
Exodus 27:1	“You are to build an altar of acacia wood. The altar must be square, five cubits long, five cubits wide, and three cubits high.
Exodus 27:2	Make a horn on each of its four corners, so that the horns are of one piece, and overlay it with bronze.
Exodus 27:3	Make all its utensils of bronze—its pots for removing ashes, its shovels, its sprinkling bowls, its meat forks, and its firepans.
Exodus 27:4	Construct for it a grate of bronze mesh, and make a bronze ring at each of the four corners of the mesh.
Exodus 27:5	Set the grate beneath the ledge of the altar, so that the mesh comes halfway up the altar.
Exodus 27:6	Additionally, make poles of acacia wood for the altar and overlay them with bronze.
Exodus 27:7	The poles are to be inserted into the rings so that the poles are on two sides of the altar when it is carried.
Exodus 27:8	Construct the altar with boards so that it is hollow. It is to be made just as you were shown on the mountain.
Exodus 27:9	You are also to make a courtyard for the tabernacle. On the south side of the courtyard make curtains of finely spun linen, a hundred cubits long on one side,
Exodus 27:10	with twenty posts and twenty bronze bases, and silver hooks and bands on the posts.
Exodus 27:11	Likewise there are to be curtains on the north side, a hundred cubits long, with twenty posts and twenty bronze bases, and with silver hooks and bands on the posts.
Exodus 27:12	The curtains on the west side of the courtyard shall be fifty cubits wide, with ten posts and ten bases.
Exodus 27:13	The east side of the courtyard, toward the sunrise, is to be fifty cubits wide.
Exodus 27:14	Make the curtains on one side fifteen cubits long, with three posts and three bases,
Exodus 27:15	and the curtains on the other side fifteen cubits long, with three posts and three bases.
Exodus 27:16	The gate of the courtyard shall be twenty cubits long, with a curtain embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen. It shall have four posts and four bases.
Exodus 27:17	All the posts around the courtyard shall have silver bands, silver hooks, and bronze bases.
Exodus 27:18	The entire courtyard shall be a hundred cubits long and fifty cubits wide, with curtains of finely spun linen five cubits high, and with bronze bases.
Exodus 27:19	All the utensils of the tabernacle for every use, including all its tent pegs and the tent pegs of the courtyard, shall be made of bronze.
Exodus 27:20	And you are to command the Israelites to bring you pure oil of pressed olives for the light, to keep the lamps burning continually.
Exodus 27:21	In the Tent of Meeting, outside the veil that is in front of the Testimony, Aaron and his sons are to tend the lamps before the LORD from evening until morning. This is to be a permanent statute for the Israelites for the generations to come.
Exodus 28:1	“Next, have your brother Aaron brought to you from among the Israelites, along with his sons Nadab, Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar, to serve Me as priests.
Exodus 28:2	Make holy garments for your brother Aaron, to give him glory and splendor.
Exodus 28:3	You are to instruct all the skilled craftsmen, whom I have filled with a spirit of wisdom, to make garments for Aaron’s consecration, so that he may serve Me as priest.
Exodus 28:4	These are the garments that they shall make: a breastpiece, an ephod, a robe, a woven tunic, a turban, and a sash. They are to make these holy garments for your brother Aaron and his sons, so that they may serve Me as priests.
Exodus 28:5	They shall use gold, along with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and fine linen.
Exodus 28:6	They are to make the ephod of finely spun linen embroidered with gold, and with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn.
Exodus 28:7	It shall have two shoulder pieces attached at two of its corners, so it can be fastened.
Exodus 28:8	And the skillfully woven waistband of the ephod must be of one piece, of the same workmanship—with gold, with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and with finely spun linen.
Exodus 28:9	Take two onyx stones and engrave on them the names of the sons of Israel:
Exodus 28:10	six of their names on one stone and the remaining six on the other, in the order of their birth.
Exodus 28:11	Engrave the names of the sons of Israel on the two stones the way a gem cutter engraves a seal. Then mount the stones in gold filigree settings.
Exodus 28:12	Fasten both stones on the shoulder pieces of the ephod as memorial stones for the sons of Israel. Aaron is to bear their names on his two shoulders as a memorial before the LORD.
Exodus 28:13	Fashion gold filigree settings
Exodus 28:14	and two chains of pure gold, made of braided cord work; and attach these chains to the settings.
Exodus 28:15	You are also to make a breastpiece of judgment with the same workmanship as the ephod. Construct it with gold, with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and with finely spun linen.
Exodus 28:16	It must be square when folded over double, a span long and a span wide.
Exodus 28:17	And mount on it a setting of gemstones, four rows of stones: In the first row there shall be a ruby, a topaz, and an emerald;
Exodus 28:18	in the second row a turquoise, a sapphire, and a diamond;
Exodus 28:19	in the third row a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst;
Exodus 28:20	and in the fourth row a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper. Mount these stones in gold filigree settings.
Exodus 28:21	The twelve stones are to correspond to the names of the sons of Israel, each engraved like a seal with the name of one of the twelve tribes.
Exodus 28:22	For the breastpiece, make braided chains like cords of pure gold.
Exodus 28:23	You are also to make two gold rings and fasten them to the two corners of the breastpiece.
Exodus 28:24	Then fasten the two gold chains to the two gold rings at the corners of the breastpiece,
Exodus 28:25	and fasten the other ends of the two chains to the two filigree settings, attaching them to the shoulder pieces of the ephod at the front.
Exodus 28:26	Make two more gold rings and attach them to the other two corners of the breastpiece, on the inside edge next to the ephod.
Exodus 28:27	Make two additional gold rings and attach them to the bottom of the two shoulder pieces of the ephod, on its front, near its seam just above its woven waistband.
Exodus 28:28	The rings of the breastpiece shall be tied to the rings of the ephod with a cord of blue yarn, so that the breastpiece is above the waistband of the ephod and does not swing out from the ephod.
Exodus 28:29	Whenever Aaron enters the Holy Place, he shall bear the names of the sons of Israel over his heart on the breastpiece of judgment, as a continual reminder before the LORD.
Exodus 28:30	And place the Urim and Thummim in the breastpiece of judgment, so that they will also be over Aaron’s heart whenever he comes before the LORD. Aaron will continually carry the judgment of the sons of Israel over his heart before the LORD.
Exodus 28:31	You are to make the robe of the ephod entirely of blue cloth,
Exodus 28:32	with an opening at its top in the center. Around the opening shall be a woven collar with an opening like that of a garment, so that it will not tear.
Exodus 28:33	Make pomegranates of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn all the way around the lower hem, with gold bells between them,
Exodus 28:34	alternating the gold bells and pomegranates around the lower hem of the robe.
Exodus 28:35	Aaron must wear the robe whenever he ministers, and its sound will be heard when he enters or exits the sanctuary before the LORD, so that he will not die.
Exodus 28:36	You are to make a plate of pure gold and engrave on it as on a seal: HOLY TO THE LORD.
Exodus 28:37	Fasten to it a blue cord to mount it on the turban; it shall be on the front of the turban.
Exodus 28:38	And it will be worn on Aaron’s forehead, so that he may bear the iniquity of the holy things that the sons of Israel consecrate with regard to all their holy gifts. It shall always be on his forehead, so that they may be acceptable before the LORD.
Exodus 28:39	You are to weave the tunic with fine linen, make the turban of fine linen, and fashion an embroidered sash.
Exodus 28:40	Make tunics, sashes, and headbands for Aaron’s sons, to give them glory and splendor.
Exodus 28:41	After you put these garments on your brother Aaron and his sons, anoint them, ordain them, and consecrate them so that they may serve Me as priests.
Exodus 28:42	Make linen undergarments to cover their bare flesh, extending from waist to thigh.
Exodus 28:43	Aaron and his sons must wear them whenever they enter the Tent of Meeting or approach the altar to minister in the Holy Place, so that they will not incur guilt and die. This is to be a permanent statute for Aaron and his descendants.
Exodus 29:1	“Now this is what you are to do to consecrate Aaron and his sons to serve Me as priests: Take a young bull and two rams without blemish,
Exodus 29:2	along with unleavened bread, unleavened cakes mixed with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil. Make them out of fine wheat flour,
Exodus 29:3	put them in a basket, and present them in the basket, along with the bull and the two rams.
Exodus 29:4	Then present Aaron and his sons at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting and wash them with water.
Exodus 29:5	Take the garments and clothe Aaron with the tunic, the robe of the ephod, the ephod itself, and the breastplate. Fasten the ephod on him with its woven waistband.
Exodus 29:6	Put the turban on his head and attach the holy diadem to the turban.
Exodus 29:7	Then take the anointing oil and anoint him by pouring it on his head.
Exodus 29:8	Present his sons as well and clothe them with tunics.
Exodus 29:9	Wrap the sashes around Aaron and his sons and tie headbands on them. The priesthood shall be theirs by a permanent statute. In this way you are to ordain Aaron and his sons.
Exodus 29:10	You are to present the bull at the front of the Tent of Meeting, and Aaron and his sons are to lay their hands on its head.
Exodus 29:11	And you shall slaughter the bull before the LORD at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Exodus 29:12	Take some of the blood of the bull and put it on the horns of the altar with your finger; then pour out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar.
Exodus 29:13	Take all the fat that covers the entrails and the lobe of the liver, and both kidneys with the fat on them, and burn them on the altar.
Exodus 29:14	But burn the flesh of the bull and its hide and dung outside the camp; it is a sin offering.
Exodus 29:15	Take one of the rams, and Aaron and his sons shall lay their hands on its head.
Exodus 29:16	You are to slaughter the ram, take its blood, and sprinkle it on all sides of the altar.
Exodus 29:17	Cut the ram into pieces, wash the entrails and legs, and place them with its head and other pieces.
Exodus 29:18	Then burn the entire ram on the altar; it is a burnt offering to the LORD, a pleasing aroma, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Exodus 29:19	Take the second ram, and Aaron and his sons are to lay their hands on its head.
Exodus 29:20	Slaughter the ram, take some of its blood, and put it on the right earlobes of Aaron and his sons, on the thumbs of their right hands, and on the big toes of their right feet. Sprinkle the remaining blood on all sides of the altar.
Exodus 29:21	And take some of the blood on the altar and some of the anointing oil and sprinkle it on Aaron and his garments, as well as on his sons and their garments. Then he and his garments will be consecrated, as well as his sons and their garments.
Exodus 29:22	Take the fat from the ram, the fat tail, the fat covering the entrails, the lobe of the liver, both kidneys with the fat on them, and the right thigh (since this is a ram for ordination),
Exodus 29:23	along with one loaf of bread, one cake of bread made with oil, and one wafer from the basket of unleavened bread that is before the LORD.
Exodus 29:24	Put all these in the hands of Aaron and his sons and wave them before the LORD as a wave offering.
Exodus 29:25	Then take them from their hands and burn them on the altar atop the burnt offering as a pleasing aroma before the LORD; it is an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Exodus 29:26	Take the breast of the ram of Aaron’s ordination and wave it before the LORD as a wave offering, and it will be your portion.
Exodus 29:27	Consecrate for Aaron and his sons the breast of the wave offering that is waved and the thigh of the heave offering that is lifted up from the ram of ordination.
Exodus 29:28	This will belong to Aaron and his sons as a regular portion from the Israelites, for it is the heave offering the Israelites will make to the LORD from their peace offerings.
Exodus 29:29	The holy garments that belong to Aaron will belong to his sons after him, so they can be anointed and ordained in them.
Exodus 29:30	The son who succeeds him as priest and enters the Tent of Meeting to minister in the Holy Place must wear them for seven days.
Exodus 29:31	You are to take the ram of ordination and boil its flesh in a holy place.
Exodus 29:32	At the entrance to the Tent of Meeting, Aaron and his sons are to eat the meat of the ram and the bread that is in the basket.
Exodus 29:33	They must eat those things by which atonement was made for their ordination and consecration. But no outsider may eat them, because these things are sacred.
Exodus 29:34	And if any of the meat of ordination or any bread is left until the morning, you are to burn up the remainder. It must not be eaten, because it is sacred.
Exodus 29:35	This is what you are to do for Aaron and his sons based on all that I have commanded you, taking seven days to ordain them.
Exodus 29:36	Sacrifice a bull as a sin offering each day for atonement. Purify the altar by making atonement for it, and anoint it to consecrate it.
Exodus 29:37	For seven days you shall make atonement for the altar and consecrate it. Then the altar will become most holy; whatever touches the altar will be holy.
Exodus 29:38	This is what you are to offer regularly on the altar, each day: two lambs that are a year old.
Exodus 29:39	Offer one lamb in the morning and the other at twilight.
Exodus 29:40	With the first lamb offer a tenth of an ephah of fine flour, mixed with a quarter hin of oil from pressed olives, and a drink offering of a quarter hin of wine.
Exodus 29:41	And offer the second lamb at twilight with the same grain offering and drink offering as in the morning, as a pleasing aroma, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Exodus 29:42	For the generations to come, this burnt offering shall be made regularly at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting before the LORD, where I will meet you to speak with you.
Exodus 29:43	I will also meet with the Israelites there, and that place will be consecrated by My glory.
Exodus 29:44	So I will consecrate the Tent of Meeting and the altar, and I will consecrate Aaron and his sons to serve Me as priests.
Exodus 29:45	Then I will dwell among the Israelites and be their God.
Exodus 29:46	And they will know that I am the LORD their God, who brought them out of the land of Egypt so that I might dwell among them. I am the LORD their God.
Exodus 30:1	“You are also to make an altar of acacia wood for the burning of incense.
Exodus 30:2	It is to be square, a cubit long, a cubit wide, and two cubits high. Its horns must be of one piece.
Exodus 30:3	Overlay with pure gold the top and all the sides and horns, and make a molding of gold around it.
Exodus 30:4	And make two gold rings below the molding on opposite sides to hold the poles used to carry it.
Exodus 30:5	Make the poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold.
Exodus 30:6	Place the altar in front of the veil that is before the ark of the Testimony—before the mercy seat that is over the Testimony—where I will meet with you.
Exodus 30:7	And Aaron is to burn fragrant incense on it every morning when he tends the lamps.
Exodus 30:8	When Aaron sets up the lamps at twilight, he must burn the incense perpetually before the LORD for the generations to come.
Exodus 30:9	On this altar you must not offer unauthorized incense or a burnt offering or grain offering; nor are you to pour a drink offering on it.
Exodus 30:10	Once a year Aaron shall make atonement on the horns of the altar. Throughout your generations he shall make atonement on it annually with the blood of the sin offering of atonement. The altar is most holy to the LORD.”
Exodus 30:11	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 30:12	“When you take a census of the Israelites to number them, each man must pay the LORD a ransom for his life when he is counted. Then no plague will come upon them when they are numbered.
Exodus 30:13	Everyone who crosses over to those counted must pay a half shekel, according to the sanctuary shekel, which weighs twenty gerahs. This half shekel is an offering to the LORD.
Exodus 30:14	Everyone twenty years of age or older who crosses over must give this offering to the LORD.
Exodus 30:15	In making the offering to the LORD to atone for your lives, the rich shall not give more than a half shekel, nor shall the poor give less.
Exodus 30:16	Take the atonement money from the Israelites and use it for the service of the Tent of Meeting. It will serve as a memorial for the Israelites before the LORD to make atonement for your lives.”
Exodus 30:17	And the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 30:18	“You are to make a bronze basin with a bronze stand for washing. Set it between the Tent of Meeting and the altar, and put water in it,
Exodus 30:19	with which Aaron and his sons are to wash their hands and feet.
Exodus 30:20	Whenever they enter the Tent of Meeting or approach the altar to minister by presenting an offering made by fire to the LORD, they must wash with water so that they will not die.
Exodus 30:21	Thus they are to wash their hands and feet so that they will not die; this shall be a permanent statute for Aaron and his descendants for the generations to come.”
Exodus 30:22	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 30:23	“Take the finest spices: 500 shekels of liquid myrrh, half that amount (250 shekels) of fragrant cinnamon, 250 shekels of fragrant cane,
Exodus 30:24	500 shekels of cassia—all according to the sanctuary shekel—and a hin of olive oil.
Exodus 30:25	Prepare from these a sacred anointing oil, a fragrant blend, the work of a perfumer; it will be a sacred anointing oil.
Exodus 30:26	Use this oil to anoint the Tent of Meeting, the ark of the Testimony,
Exodus 30:27	the table and all its utensils, the lampstand and its utensils, the altar of incense,
Exodus 30:28	the altar of burnt offering and all its utensils, and the basin with its stand.
Exodus 30:29	You are to consecrate them so that they will be most holy. Whatever touches them shall be holy.
Exodus 30:30	Anoint Aaron and his sons and consecrate them to serve Me as priests.
Exodus 30:31	And you are to tell the Israelites, ‘This will be My sacred anointing oil for the generations to come.
Exodus 30:32	It must not be used to anoint an ordinary man, and you must not make anything like it with the same formula. It is holy, and it must be holy to you.
Exodus 30:33	Anyone who mixes perfume like it or puts it on an outsider shall be cut off from his people.’”
Exodus 30:34	The LORD also said to Moses, “Take fragrant spices—gum resin, onycha, galbanum, and pure frankincense—in equal measures,
Exodus 30:35	and make a fragrant blend of incense, the work of a perfumer, seasoned with salt, pure and holy.
Exodus 30:36	Grind some of it into fine powder and place it in front of the Testimony in the Tent of Meeting, where I will meet with you. It shall be most holy to you.
Exodus 30:37	You are never to use this formula to make incense for yourselves; you shall regard it as holy to the LORD.
Exodus 30:38	Anyone who makes something like it to enjoy its fragrance shall be cut off from his people.”
Exodus 31:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 31:2	“See, I have called by name Bezalel son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Exodus 31:3	And I have filled him with the Spirit of God, with skill, ability, and knowledge in all kinds of craftsmanship,
Exodus 31:4	to design artistic works in gold, silver, and bronze,
Exodus 31:5	to cut gemstones for settings, and to carve wood, so that he may be a master of every craft.
Exodus 31:6	Moreover, I have selected Oholiab son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, as his assistant. I have also given skill to all the craftsmen, that they may fashion all that I have commanded you:
Exodus 31:7	the Tent of Meeting, the ark of the Testimony and the mercy seat upon it, and all the other furnishings of the tent—
Exodus 31:8	the table with its utensils, the pure gold lampstand with all its utensils, the altar of incense,
Exodus 31:9	the altar of burnt offering with all its utensils, and the basin with its stand—
Exodus 31:10	as well as the woven garments, both the holy garments for Aaron the priest and the garments for his sons to serve as priests,
Exodus 31:11	in addition to the anointing oil and fragrant incense for the Holy Place. They are to make them according to all that I have commanded you.”
Exodus 31:12	And the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 31:13	“Tell the Israelites, ‘Surely you must keep My Sabbaths, for this will be a sign between Me and you for the generations to come, so that you may know that I am the LORD who sanctifies you.
Exodus 31:14	Keep the Sabbath, for it is holy to you. Anyone who profanes it must surely be put to death. Whoever does any work on that day must be cut off from among his people.
Exodus 31:15	For six days work may be done, but the seventh day is a Sabbath of complete rest, holy to the LORD. Whoever does any work on the Sabbath day must surely be put to death.
Exodus 31:16	The Israelites must keep the Sabbath, celebrating it as a permanent covenant for the generations to come.
Exodus 31:17	It is a sign between Me and the Israelites forever; for in six days the LORD made the heavens and the earth, but on the seventh day He rested and was refreshed.’”
Exodus 31:18	When the LORD had finished speaking with Moses on Mount Sinai, He gave him the two tablets of the Testimony, tablets of stone inscribed by the finger of God.
Exodus 32:1	Now when the people saw that Moses was delayed in coming down from the mountain, they gathered around Aaron and said, “Come, make us gods who will go before us. As for this Moses who brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we do not know what has happened to him!”
Exodus 32:2	So Aaron told them, “Take off the gold earrings that are on your wives and sons and daughters, and bring them to me.”
Exodus 32:3	Then all the people took off their gold earrings and brought them to Aaron.
Exodus 32:4	He took the gold from their hands, and with an engraving tool he fashioned it into a molten calf. And they said, “These, O Israel, are your gods, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt!”
Exodus 32:5	When Aaron saw this, he built an altar before the calf and proclaimed: “Tomorrow shall be a feast to the LORD.”
Exodus 32:6	So the next day they arose, offered burnt offerings, and presented peace offerings. And the people sat down to eat and drink, and got up to indulge in revelry.
Exodus 32:7	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Go down at once, for your people, whom you brought up out of the land of Egypt, have corrupted themselves.
Exodus 32:8	How quickly they have turned aside from the way that I commanded them! They have made for themselves a molten calf and have bowed down to it. They have sacrificed to it and said, ‘These, O Israel, are your gods, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.’”
Exodus 32:9	The LORD also said to Moses, “I have seen this people, and they are indeed a stiff-necked people.
Exodus 32:10	Now leave Me alone, so that My anger may burn against them and consume them. Then I will make you into a great nation.”
Exodus 32:11	But Moses sought the favor of the LORD his God, saying, “O LORD, why does Your anger burn against Your people, whom You brought out of the land of Egypt with great power and a mighty hand?
Exodus 32:12	Why should the Egyptians declare, ‘He brought them out with evil intent, to kill them in the mountains and wipe them from the face of the earth’? Turn from Your fierce anger and relent from doing harm to Your people.
Exodus 32:13	Remember Your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, to whom You swore by Your very self when You declared, ‘I will make your descendants as numerous as the stars in the sky, and I will give your descendants all this land that I have promised, and it shall be their inheritance forever.’”
Exodus 32:14	So the LORD relented from the calamity He had threatened to bring on His people.
Exodus 32:15	Then Moses turned and went down the mountain with the two tablets of the Testimony in his hands. They were inscribed on both sides, front and back.
Exodus 32:16	The tablets were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God, engraved on the tablets.
Exodus 32:17	When Joshua heard the sound of the people shouting, he said to Moses, “The sound of war is in the camp.”
Exodus 32:18	But Moses replied: “It is neither the cry of victory nor the cry of defeat; I hear the sound of singing!”
Exodus 32:19	As Moses approached the camp and saw the calf and the dancing, he burned with anger and threw the tablets out of his hands, shattering them at the base of the mountain.
Exodus 32:20	Then he took the calf they had made, burned it in the fire, ground it to powder, and scattered the powder over the face of the water. Then he forced the Israelites to drink it.
Exodus 32:21	“What did this people do to you,” Moses asked Aaron, “that you have led them into so great a sin?”
Exodus 32:22	“Do not be enraged, my lord,” Aaron replied. “You yourself know that the people are intent on evil.
Exodus 32:23	They told me, ‘Make us gods who will go before us. As for this Moses who brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we do not know what has happened to him!’
Exodus 32:24	So I said to them, ‘Whoever has gold, let him take it off,’ and they gave it to me. And when I threw it into the fire, out came this calf!”
Exodus 32:25	Moses saw that the people were out of control, for Aaron had let them run wild and become a laughingstock to their enemies.
Exodus 32:26	So Moses stood at the entrance to the camp and said, “Whoever is for the LORD, come to me.” And all the Levites gathered around him.
Exodus 32:27	He told them, “This is what the LORD, the God of Israel, says: ‘Each of you men is to fasten his sword to his side, go back and forth through the camp from gate to gate, and slay his brother, his friend, and his neighbor.’”
Exodus 32:28	The Levites did as Moses commanded, and that day about three thousand of the people fell dead.
Exodus 32:29	Afterward, Moses said, “Today you have been ordained for service to the LORD, since each man went against his son and his brother; so the LORD has bestowed a blessing on you this day.”
Exodus 32:30	The next day Moses said to the people, “You have committed a great sin. Now I will go up to the LORD; perhaps I can make atonement for your sin.”
Exodus 32:31	So Moses returned to the LORD and said, “Oh, what a great sin these people have committed! They have made gods of gold for themselves.
Exodus 32:32	Yet now, if You would only forgive their sin.... But if not, please blot me out of the book that You have written.”
Exodus 32:33	The LORD replied to Moses, “Whoever has sinned against Me, I will blot out of My book.
Exodus 32:34	Now go, lead the people to the place I described. Behold, My angel shall go before you. But on the day I settle accounts, I will punish them for their sin.”
Exodus 32:35	And the LORD sent a plague on the people because of what they had done with the calf that Aaron had made.
Exodus 33:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Leave this place, you and the people you brought up out of the land of Egypt, and go to the land that I promised to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob when I said, ‘I will give it to your descendants.’
Exodus 33:2	And I will send an angel before you, and I will drive out the Canaanites, Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Exodus 33:3	Go up to a land flowing with milk and honey. But I will not go with you, because you are a stiff-necked people; otherwise, I might destroy you on the way.”
Exodus 33:4	When the people heard these bad tidings, they went into mourning, and no one put on any of his jewelry.
Exodus 33:5	For the LORD had said to Moses, “Tell the Israelites, ‘You are a stiff-necked people. If I should go with you for a single moment, I would destroy you. Now take off your jewelry, and I will decide what to do with you.’”
Exodus 33:6	So the Israelites stripped themselves of their jewelry from Mount Horeb onward.
Exodus 33:7	Now Moses used to take the tent and pitch it at a distance outside the camp. He called it the Tent of Meeting, and anyone inquiring of the LORD would go to the Tent of Meeting outside the camp.
Exodus 33:8	Then, whenever Moses went out to the tent, all the people would stand at the entrances to their own tents and watch Moses until he entered the tent.
Exodus 33:9	As Moses entered the tent, the pillar of cloud would come down and remain at the entrance, and the LORD would speak with Moses.
Exodus 33:10	When all the people saw the pillar of cloud standing at the entrance to the tent, they would stand up and worship, each one at the entrance to his own tent.
Exodus 33:11	Thus the LORD would speak to Moses face to face, as a man speaks to his friend. Then Moses would return to the camp, but his young assistant Joshua son of Nun would not leave the tent.
Exodus 33:12	Then Moses said to the LORD, “Look, You have been telling me, ‘Lead this people up,’ but You have not let me know whom You will send with me. Yet You have said, ‘I know you by name, and you have found favor in My sight.’
Exodus 33:13	Now if indeed I have found favor in Your sight, please let me know Your ways, that I may know You and find favor in Your sight. Remember that this nation is Your people.”
Exodus 33:14	And the LORD answered, “My Presence will go with you, and I will give you rest.”
Exodus 33:15	“If Your Presence does not go with us,” Moses replied, “do not lead us up from here.
Exodus 33:16	For how then can it be known that Your people and I have found favor in Your sight, unless You go with us? How else will we be distinguished from all the other people on the face of the earth?”
Exodus 33:17	So the LORD said to Moses, “I will do this very thing you have asked, for you have found favor in My sight, and I know you by name.”
Exodus 33:18	Then Moses said, “Please show me Your glory.”
Exodus 33:19	“I will cause all My goodness to pass before you,” the LORD replied, “and I will proclaim My name—the LORD—in your presence. I will have mercy on whom I have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I have compassion.”
Exodus 33:20	But He added, “You cannot see My face, for no one can see Me and live.”
Exodus 33:21	The LORD continued, “There is a place near Me where you are to stand upon a rock,
Exodus 33:22	and when My glory passes by, I will put you in a cleft of the rock and cover you with My hand until I have passed by.
Exodus 33:23	Then I will take My hand away, and you will see My back; but My face must not be seen.”
Exodus 34:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Chisel out two stone tablets like the originals, and I will write on them the words that were on the first tablets, which you broke.
Exodus 34:2	Be ready in the morning, and come up on Mount Sinai to present yourself before Me on the mountaintop.
Exodus 34:3	No one may go up with you; in fact, no one may be seen anywhere on the mountain—not even the flocks or herds may graze in front of the mountain.”
Exodus 34:4	So Moses chiseled out two stone tablets like the originals. He rose early in the morning, and taking the two stone tablets in his hands, he went up Mount Sinai as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 34:5	And the LORD descended in a cloud, stood with him there, and proclaimed His name, the LORD.
Exodus 34:6	Then the LORD passed in front of Moses and called out: “The LORD, the LORD God, is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in loving devotion and faithfulness,
Exodus 34:7	maintaining loving devotion to a thousand generations, forgiving iniquity, transgression, and sin. Yet He will by no means leave the guilty unpunished; He will visit the iniquity of the fathers on their children and grandchildren to the third and fourth generations.”
Exodus 34:8	Moses immediately bowed down to the ground and worshiped.
Exodus 34:9	“O Lord,” he said, “if I have indeed found favor in Your sight, my Lord, please go with us. Although this is a stiff-necked people, forgive our iniquity and sin, and take us as Your inheritance.”
Exodus 34:10	And the LORD said, “Behold, I am making a covenant. Before all your people I will perform wonders that have never been done in any nation in all the world. All the people among whom you live will see the LORD’s work, for it is an awesome thing that I am doing with you.
Exodus 34:11	Observe what I command you this day. I will drive out before you the Amorites, Canaanites, Hittites, Perizzites, Hivites, and Jebusites.
Exodus 34:12	Be careful not to make a treaty with the inhabitants of the land you are entering, lest they become a snare in your midst.
Exodus 34:13	Rather, you must tear down their altars, smash their sacred stones, and chop down their Asherah poles.
Exodus 34:14	For you must not worship any other god, for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God.
Exodus 34:15	Do not make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, for when they prostitute themselves to their gods and sacrifice to them, they will invite you, and you will eat their sacrifices.
Exodus 34:16	And when you take some of their daughters as brides for your sons, their daughters will prostitute themselves to their gods and cause your sons to do the same.
Exodus 34:17	You shall make no molten gods for yourselves.
Exodus 34:18	You are to keep the Feast of Unleavened Bread. For seven days at the appointed time in the month of Abib, you are to eat unleavened bread as I commanded you. For in the month of Abib you came out of Egypt.
Exodus 34:19	The first offspring of every womb belongs to Me, including all the firstborn males among your livestock, whether cattle or sheep.
Exodus 34:20	You must redeem the firstborn of a donkey with a lamb; but if you do not redeem it, you are to break its neck. You must redeem all the firstborn of your sons. No one shall appear before Me empty-handed.
Exodus 34:21	Six days you shall labor, but on the seventh day you shall rest; even in the seasons of plowing and harvesting, you must rest.
Exodus 34:22	And you are to celebrate the Feast of Weeks with the firstfruits of the wheat harvest, and the Feast of Ingathering at the turn of the year.
Exodus 34:23	Three times a year all your males are to appear before the Lord GOD, the God of Israel.
Exodus 34:24	For I will drive out the nations before you and enlarge your borders, and no one will covet your land when you go up three times a year to appear before the LORD your God.
Exodus 34:25	Do not offer the blood of a sacrifice to Me along with anything leavened, and do not let any of the sacrifice from the Passover Feast remain until morning.
Exodus 34:26	Bring the best of the firstfruits of your soil to the house of the LORD your God. You must not cook a young goat in its mother’s milk.”
Exodus 34:27	The LORD also said to Moses, “Write down these words, for in accordance with these words I have made a covenant with you and with Israel.”
Exodus 34:28	So Moses was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights without eating bread or drinking water. He wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant—the Ten Commandments.
Exodus 34:29	And when Moses came down from Mount Sinai with the two tablets of the Testimony in his hands, he was unaware that his face had become radiant from speaking with the LORD.
Exodus 34:30	Aaron and all the Israelites looked at Moses, and behold, his face was radiant. And they were afraid to approach him.
Exodus 34:31	But Moses called out to them; so Aaron and all the leaders of the congregation returned to him, and Moses spoke to them.
Exodus 34:32	And after this all the Israelites came near, and Moses commanded them to do everything that the LORD had told him on Mount Sinai.
Exodus 34:33	When Moses had finished speaking with them, he put a veil over his face.
Exodus 34:34	But whenever Moses went in before the LORD to speak with Him, he would remove the veil until he came out. And when he came out, he would tell the Israelites what he had been commanded,
Exodus 34:35	and the Israelites would see that the face of Moses was radiant. So Moses would put the veil back over his face until he went in to speak with the LORD.
Exodus 35:1	Then Moses assembled the whole congregation of Israel and said to them, “These are the things that the LORD has commanded you to do:
Exodus 35:2	For six days work may be done, but the seventh day shall be your holy day, a Sabbath of complete rest to the LORD. Whoever does any work on that day must be put to death.
Exodus 35:3	Do not light a fire in any of your dwellings on the Sabbath day.”
Exodus 35:4	Moses also told the whole congregation of Israel, “This is what the LORD has commanded:
Exodus 35:5	Take from among you an offering to the LORD. Let everyone whose heart is willing bring an offering to the LORD: gold, silver, and bronze;
Exodus 35:6	blue, purple, and scarlet yarn; fine linen and goat hair;
Exodus 35:7	ram skins dyed red and fine leather; acacia wood;
Exodus 35:8	olive oil for the light; spices for the anointing oil and for the fragrant incense;
Exodus 35:9	and onyx stones and gemstones to be mounted on the ephod and breastpiece.
Exodus 35:10	Let every skilled craftsman among you come and make everything that the LORD has commanded:
Exodus 35:11	the tabernacle with its tent and covering, its clasps and frames, its crossbars, posts, and bases;
Exodus 35:12	the ark with its poles and mercy seat, and the veil to shield it;
Exodus 35:13	the table with its poles, all its utensils, and the Bread of the Presence;
Exodus 35:14	the lampstand for light with its accessories and lamps and oil for the light;
Exodus 35:15	the altar of incense with its poles; the anointing oil and fragrant incense; the curtain for the doorway at the entrance to the tabernacle;
Exodus 35:16	the altar of burnt offering with its bronze grate, its poles, and all its utensils; the basin with its stand;
Exodus 35:17	the curtains of the courtyard with its posts and bases, and the curtain for the gate of the courtyard;
Exodus 35:18	the tent pegs for the tabernacle and for the courtyard, along with their ropes;
Exodus 35:19	and the woven garments for ministering in the holy place—both the holy garments for Aaron the priest and the garments for his sons to serve as priests.”
Exodus 35:20	Then the whole congregation of Israel withdrew from the presence of Moses.
Exodus 35:21	And everyone whose heart stirred him and whose spirit prompted him came and brought an offering to the LORD for the work on the Tent of Meeting, for all its services, and for the holy garments.
Exodus 35:22	So all who had willing hearts, both men and women, came and brought brooches and earrings, rings and necklaces, and all kinds of gold jewelry. And they all presented their gold as a wave offering to the LORD.
Exodus 35:23	Everyone who had blue, purple, or scarlet yarn, or fine linen, goat hair, ram skins dyed red, or articles of fine leather, brought them.
Exodus 35:24	And all who could present an offering of silver or bronze brought it as a contribution to the LORD. Also, everyone who had acacia wood for any part of the service brought it.
Exodus 35:25	Every skilled woman spun with her hands and brought what she had spun: blue, purple, or scarlet yarn, or fine linen.
Exodus 35:26	And all the skilled women whose hearts were stirred spun the goat hair.
Exodus 35:27	The leaders brought onyx stones and gemstones to mount on the ephod and breastpiece,
Exodus 35:28	as well as spices and olive oil for the light, for the anointing oil, and for the fragrant incense.
Exodus 35:29	So all the men and women of the Israelites whose hearts prompted them brought a freewill offering to the LORD for all the work that the LORD through Moses had commanded them to do.
Exodus 35:30	Then Moses said to the Israelites, “See, the LORD has called by name Bezalel son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Exodus 35:31	And He has filled him with the Spirit of God, with skill, ability, and knowledge in all kinds of craftsmanship,
Exodus 35:32	to design artistic works in gold, silver, and bronze,
Exodus 35:33	to cut gemstones for settings, and to carve wood, so that he may be a master of every artistic craft.
Exodus 35:34	And the LORD has given both him and Oholiab son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, the ability to teach others.
Exodus 35:35	He has filled them with skill to do all kinds of work as engravers, designers, embroiderers in blue, purple, and scarlet yarn and fine linen, and as weavers—as artistic designers of every kind of craft.
Exodus 36:1	“So Bezalel, Oholiab, and every skilled person are to carry out everything commanded by the LORD, who has given them skill and ability to know how to perform all the work of constructing the sanctuary.”
Exodus 36:2	Then Moses summoned Bezalel, Oholiab, and every skilled person whom the LORD had gifted—everyone whose heart stirred him to come and do the work.
Exodus 36:3	They received from Moses all the contributions that the Israelites had brought to carry out the service of constructing the sanctuary. Meanwhile, the people continued to bring freewill offerings morning after morning,
Exodus 36:4	so that all the skilled craftsmen who were doing all the work on the sanctuary left their work
Exodus 36:5	and said to Moses, “The people are bringing more than enough for doing the work the LORD has commanded us to do.”
Exodus 36:6	After Moses had given an order, they sent a proclamation throughout the camp: “No man or woman should make anything else as an offering for the sanctuary.” So the people were restrained from bringing more,
Exodus 36:7	since what they already had was more than enough to perform all the work.
Exodus 36:8	All the skilled craftsmen among the workmen made the ten curtains for the tabernacle. They were made of finely spun linen, as well as blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, with cherubim skillfully worked into them.
Exodus 36:9	Each curtain was twenty-eight cubits long and four cubits wide; all the curtains were the same size.
Exodus 36:10	And he joined five of the curtains together, and the other five he joined as well.
Exodus 36:11	He made loops of blue material on the edge of the end curtain in the first set, and also on the end curtain in the second set.
Exodus 36:12	He made fifty loops on one curtain and fifty loops on the end curtain of the second set, so that the loops lined up opposite one another.
Exodus 36:13	He also made fifty gold clasps to join the curtains together, so that the tabernacle was a unit.
Exodus 36:14	He then made curtains of goat hair for the tent over the tabernacle—eleven curtains in all.
Exodus 36:15	Each of the eleven curtains was the same size—thirty cubits long and four cubits wide.
Exodus 36:16	He joined five of the curtains into one set and the other six into another.
Exodus 36:17	He made fifty loops along the edge of the end curtain in the first set, and fifty loops along the edge of the corresponding curtain in the second set.
Exodus 36:18	He also made fifty bronze clasps to join the tent together as a unit.
Exodus 36:19	Additionally, he made for the tent a covering of ram skins dyed red, and over that a covering of fine leather.
Exodus 36:20	Next, he constructed upright frames of acacia wood for the tabernacle.
Exodus 36:21	Each frame was ten cubits long and a cubit and a half wide.
Exodus 36:22	Two tenons were connected to each other for each frame. He made all the frames of the tabernacle in this way.
Exodus 36:23	He constructed twenty frames for the south side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 36:24	with forty silver bases to put under the twenty frames—two bases for each frame, one under each tenon.
Exodus 36:25	For the second side of the tabernacle, the north side, he made twenty frames
Exodus 36:26	and forty silver bases—two bases under each frame.
Exodus 36:27	He made six frames for the rear of the tabernacle, the west side,
Exodus 36:28	and two frames for the two back corners of the tabernacle,
Exodus 36:29	coupled together from bottom to top and fitted into a single ring. He made both corners in this way.
Exodus 36:30	So there were eight frames and sixteen silver bases—two under each frame.
Exodus 36:31	He also made five crossbars of acacia wood for the frames on one side of the tabernacle,
Exodus 36:32	five for those on the other side, and five for those on the rear side of the tabernacle, to the west.
Exodus 36:33	He made the central crossbar to run through the center of the frames, from one end to the other.
Exodus 36:34	And he overlaid the frames with gold and made gold rings to hold the crossbars. He also overlaid the crossbars with gold.
Exodus 36:35	Next, he made the veil of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen, with cherubim skillfully worked into it.
Exodus 36:36	He also made four posts of acacia wood for it and overlaid them with gold, along with gold hooks; and he cast four silver bases for the posts.
Exodus 36:37	For the entrance to the tent, he made a curtain embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen,
Exodus 36:38	together with five posts and their hooks. He overlaid the tops of the posts and their bands with gold, and their five bases were bronze.
Exodus 37:1	Bezalel went on to construct the ark of acacia wood, two and a half cubits long, a cubit and a half wide, and a cubit and a half high.
Exodus 37:2	He overlaid it with pure gold, both inside and out, and made a gold molding around it.
Exodus 37:3	And he cast four gold rings for its four feet, two rings on one side and two on the other.
Exodus 37:4	Then he made poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with gold.
Exodus 37:5	He inserted the poles into the rings on the sides of the ark in order to carry it.
Exodus 37:6	He constructed a mercy seat of pure gold, two and a half cubits long and a cubit and a half wide.
Exodus 37:7	He made two cherubim of hammered gold at the ends of the mercy seat,
Exodus 37:8	one cherub on one end and one on the other, all made from one piece of gold.
Exodus 37:9	And the cherubim had wings that spread upward, overshadowing the mercy seat. The cherubim faced each other, looking toward the mercy seat.
Exodus 37:10	He also made the table of acacia wood two cubits long, a cubit wide, and a cubit and a half high.
Exodus 37:11	He overlaid it with pure gold and made a gold molding around it.
Exodus 37:12	And he made a rim around it a handbreadth wide and put a gold molding on the rim.
Exodus 37:13	He cast four gold rings for the table and fastened them to the four corners at its four legs.
Exodus 37:14	The rings were placed close to the rim, to serve as holders for the poles used to carry the table.
Exodus 37:15	He made the poles of acacia wood for carrying the table and overlaid them with gold.
Exodus 37:16	He also made the utensils for the table out of pure gold: its plates and dishes, as well as its bowls and pitchers for pouring drink offerings.
Exodus 37:17	Then he made the lampstand out of pure hammered gold, all of one piece: its base and shaft, its cups, and its buds and petals.
Exodus 37:18	Six branches extended from the sides, three on one side and three on the other.
Exodus 37:19	There were three cups shaped like almond blossoms on the first branch, each with buds and petals, three on the next branch, and the same for all six branches that extended from the lampstand.
Exodus 37:20	And on the lampstand were four cups shaped like almond blossoms with buds and petals.
Exodus 37:21	A bud was under the first pair of branches that extended from the lampstand, a bud under the second pair, and a bud under the third pair.
Exodus 37:22	The buds and branches were all of one piece with the lampstand, hammered out of pure gold.
Exodus 37:23	He also made its seven lamps, its wick trimmers, and trays of pure gold.
Exodus 37:24	He made the lampstand and all its utensils from a talent of pure gold.
Exodus 37:25	He made the altar of incense out of acacia wood. It was square, a cubit long, a cubit wide, and two cubits high. Its horns were of one piece.
Exodus 37:26	And he overlaid with pure gold the top and all the sides and horns. Then he made a molding of gold around it.
Exodus 37:27	He made two gold rings below the molding on opposite sides to hold the poles used to carry it.
Exodus 37:28	And he made the poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with gold.
Exodus 37:29	He also made the sacred anointing oil and the pure, fragrant incense, the work of a perfumer.
Exodus 38:1	Bezalel constructed the altar of burnt offering from acacia wood. It was square, five cubits long, five cubits wide, and three cubits high.
Exodus 38:2	He made a horn at each of its four corners, so that the horns and altar were of one piece, and he overlaid the altar with bronze.
Exodus 38:3	He made all the altar’s utensils of bronze—its pots, shovels, sprinkling bowls, meat forks, and firepans.
Exodus 38:4	He made a grate of bronze mesh for the altar under its ledge, halfway up from the bottom.
Exodus 38:5	At the four corners of the bronze grate he cast four rings as holders for the poles.
Exodus 38:6	And he made the poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with bronze.
Exodus 38:7	Then he inserted the poles into the rings on the sides of the altar for carrying it. He made the altar with boards so that it was hollow.
Exodus 38:8	Next he made the bronze basin and its stand from the mirrors of the women who served at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Exodus 38:9	Then he constructed the courtyard. The south side of the courtyard was a hundred cubits long and had curtains of finely spun linen,
Exodus 38:10	with twenty posts and twenty bronze bases, and with silver hooks and bands on the posts.
Exodus 38:11	The north side was also a hundred cubits long, with twenty posts and twenty bronze bases. The hooks and bands of the posts were silver.
Exodus 38:12	The west side was fifty cubits long and had curtains, with ten posts and ten bases. The hooks and bands of the posts were silver.
Exodus 38:13	And the east side, toward the sunrise, was also fifty cubits long.
Exodus 38:14	The curtains on one side of the entrance were fifteen cubits long, with three posts and three bases.
Exodus 38:15	And the curtains on the other side were also fifteen cubits long, with three posts and three bases as well.
Exodus 38:16	All the curtains around the courtyard were made of finely spun linen.
Exodus 38:17	The bases for the posts were bronze, the hooks and bands were silver, and the plating for the tops of the posts was silver. So all the posts of the courtyard were banded with silver.
Exodus 38:18	The curtain for the entrance to the courtyard was embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and finely spun linen. It was twenty cubits long and, like the curtains of the courtyard, five cubits high,
Exodus 38:19	with four posts and four bronze bases. Their hooks were silver, as well as the bands and the plating of their tops.
Exodus 38:20	All the tent pegs for the tabernacle and for the surrounding courtyard were bronze.
Exodus 38:21	This is the inventory for the tabernacle, the tabernacle of the Testimony, as recorded at Moses’ command by the Levites under the direction of Ithamar son of Aaron the priest.
Exodus 38:22	Bezalel son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah, made everything that the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 38:23	With him was Oholiab son of Ahisamach, of the tribe of Dan, an engraver, designer, and embroiderer in blue, purple, and scarlet yarn and fine linen.
Exodus 38:24	All the gold from the wave offering used for the work on the sanctuary totaled 29 talents and 730 shekels, according to the sanctuary shekel.
Exodus 38:25	The silver from those numbered among the congregation totaled 100 talents and 1,775 shekels, according to the sanctuary shekel—
Exodus 38:26	a beka per person, that is, half a shekel, according to the sanctuary shekel, from everyone twenty years of age or older who had crossed over to be numbered, a total of 603,550 men.
Exodus 38:27	The hundred talents of silver were used to cast the bases of the sanctuary and the bases of the veil—100 bases from the 100 talents, one talent per base.
Exodus 38:28	With the 1,775 shekels of silver he made the hooks for the posts, overlaid their tops, and supplied bands for them.
Exodus 38:29	The bronze from the wave offering totaled 70 talents and 2,400 shekels.
Exodus 38:30	He used it to make the bases for the entrance to the Tent of Meeting, the bronze altar and its bronze grating, all the utensils for the altar,
Exodus 38:31	the bases for the surrounding courtyard and its gate, and all the tent pegs for the tabernacle and its surrounding courtyard.
Exodus 39:1	From the blue, purple, and scarlet yarn they made specially woven garments for ministry in the sanctuary, as well as the holy garments for Aaron, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:2	Bezalel made the ephod of finely spun linen embroidered with gold, and with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn.
Exodus 39:3	They hammered out thin sheets of gold and cut threads from them to interweave with the blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and fine linen—the work of a skilled craftsman.
Exodus 39:4	They made shoulder pieces for the ephod, which were attached at two of its corners, so it could be fastened.
Exodus 39:5	And the skillfully woven waistband of the ephod was of one piece with the ephod, of the same workmanship—with gold, with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and with finely spun linen, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:6	They mounted the onyx stones in gold filigree settings, engraved like a seal with the names of the sons of Israel.
Exodus 39:7	Then they fastened them on the shoulder pieces of the ephod as memorial stones for the sons of Israel, as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:8	He made the breastpiece with the same workmanship as the ephod, with gold, with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, and with finely spun linen.
Exodus 39:9	It was square when folded over double, a span long and a span wide.
Exodus 39:10	And they mounted on it four rows of gemstones: The first row had a ruby, a topaz, and an emerald;
Exodus 39:11	the second row had a turquoise, a sapphire, and a diamond;
Exodus 39:12	the third row had a jacinth, an agate, and an amethyst;
Exodus 39:13	and the fourth row had a beryl, an onyx, and a jasper. These stones were mounted in gold filigree settings.
Exodus 39:14	The twelve stones corresponded to the names of the sons of Israel. Each stone was engraved like a seal with the name of one of the twelve tribes.
Exodus 39:15	For the breastpiece they made braided chains like cords of pure gold.
Exodus 39:16	They also made two gold filigree settings and two gold rings, and fastened the two rings to the two corners of the breastpiece.
Exodus 39:17	Then they fastened the two gold chains to the two gold rings at the corners of the breastpiece,
Exodus 39:18	and they fastened the other ends of the two chains to the two filigree settings, attaching them to the shoulder pieces of the ephod at the front.
Exodus 39:19	They made two more gold rings and attached them to the other two corners of the breastpiece, on the inside edge next to the ephod.
Exodus 39:20	They made two additional gold rings and attached them to the bottom of the two shoulder pieces of the ephod, on its front, near the seam just above its woven waistband.
Exodus 39:21	Then they tied the rings of the breastpiece to the rings of the ephod with a cord of blue yarn, so that the breastpiece was above the waistband of the ephod and would not swing out from the ephod, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:22	They made the robe of the ephod entirely of blue cloth, the work of a weaver,
Exodus 39:23	with an opening in the center of the robe like that of a garment, with a collar around the opening so that it would not tear.
Exodus 39:24	They made pomegranates of blue, purple, and scarlet yarn and finely spun linen on the lower hem of the robe.
Exodus 39:25	They also made bells of pure gold and attached them around the hem between the pomegranates,
Exodus 39:26	alternating the bells and pomegranates around the lower hem of the robe to be worn for ministry, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:27	For Aaron and his sons they made tunics of fine linen, the work of a weaver,
Exodus 39:28	as well as the turban of fine linen, the ornate headbands and undergarments of finely spun linen,
Exodus 39:29	and the sash of finely spun linen, embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet yarn, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:30	They also made the plate of the holy crown of pure gold, and they engraved on it, like an inscription on a seal: HOLY TO THE LORD.
Exodus 39:31	Then they fastened to it a blue cord to mount it on the turban, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:32	So all the work for the tabernacle, the Tent of Meeting, was completed. The Israelites did everything just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:33	Then they brought the tabernacle to Moses: the tent with all its furnishings, its clasps, its frames, its crossbars, and its posts and bases;
Exodus 39:34	the covering of ram skins dyed red, the covering of fine leather, and the veil of the covering;
Exodus 39:35	the ark of the Testimony with its poles and the mercy seat;
Exodus 39:36	the table with all its utensils and the Bread of the Presence;
Exodus 39:37	the pure gold lampstand with its row of lamps and all its utensils, as well as the oil for the light;
Exodus 39:38	the gold altar, the anointing oil, the fragrant incense, and the curtain for the entrance to the tent;
Exodus 39:39	the bronze altar with its bronze grating, its poles, and all its utensils; the basin with its stand;
Exodus 39:40	the curtains of the courtyard with its posts and bases; the curtain for the gate of the courtyard, its ropes and tent pegs, and all the equipment for the service of the tabernacle, the Tent of Meeting;
Exodus 39:41	and the woven garments for ministering in the sanctuary, both the holy garments for Aaron the priest and the garments for his sons to serve as priests.
Exodus 39:42	The Israelites had done all the work just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 39:43	And Moses inspected all the work and saw that they had accomplished it just as the LORD had commanded. So Moses blessed them.
Exodus 40:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Exodus 40:2	“On the first day of the first month you are to set up the tabernacle, the Tent of Meeting.
Exodus 40:3	Put the ark of the Testimony in it and screen off the ark with the veil.
Exodus 40:4	Then bring in the table and set out its arrangement; bring in the lampstand as well, and set up its lamps.
Exodus 40:5	Place the gold altar of incense in front of the ark of the Testimony, and hang the curtain at the entrance to the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:6	Place the altar of burnt offering in front of the entrance to the tabernacle, the Tent of Meeting.
Exodus 40:7	And place the basin between the Tent of Meeting and the altar, and put water in it.
Exodus 40:8	Set up the surrounding courtyard and hang the curtain for the entrance to the courtyard.
Exodus 40:9	Take the anointing oil and anoint the tabernacle and everything in it; consecrate it along with all its furnishings, and it shall be holy.
Exodus 40:10	Anoint the altar of burnt offering and all its utensils; consecrate the altar, and it shall be most holy.
Exodus 40:11	Anoint the basin and its stand and consecrate them.
Exodus 40:12	Then bring Aaron and his sons to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting and wash them with water.
Exodus 40:13	And you are to clothe Aaron with the holy garments, anoint him, and consecrate him, so that he may serve Me as a priest.
Exodus 40:14	Bring his sons forward and clothe them with tunics.
Exodus 40:15	Anoint them just as you anointed their father, so that they may also serve Me as priests. Their anointing will qualify them for a permanent priesthood throughout their generations.”
Exodus 40:16	Moses did everything just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:17	So the tabernacle was set up on the first day of the first month of the second year.
Exodus 40:18	When Moses set up the tabernacle, he laid its bases, positioned its frames, inserted its crossbars, and set up its posts.
Exodus 40:19	Then he spread the tent over the tabernacle and put the covering over the tent, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:20	Moses took the Testimony and placed it in the ark, attaching the poles to the ark; and he set the mercy seat atop the ark.
Exodus 40:21	Then he brought the ark into the tabernacle, put up the veil for the screen, and shielded off the ark of the Testimony, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:22	Moses placed the table in the Tent of Meeting on the north side of the tabernacle, outside the veil.
Exodus 40:23	He arranged the bread on it before the LORD, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:24	He also placed the lampstand in the Tent of Meeting opposite the table on the south side of the tabernacle
Exodus 40:25	and set up the lamps before the LORD, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:26	Moses placed the gold altar in the Tent of Meeting, in front of the veil,
Exodus 40:27	and he burned fragrant incense on it, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:28	Then he put up the curtain at the entrance to the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:29	He placed the altar of burnt offering near the entrance to the tabernacle, the Tent of Meeting, and offered on it the burnt offering and the grain offering, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Exodus 40:30	He placed the basin between the Tent of Meeting and the altar and put water in it for washing;
Exodus 40:31	and from it Moses, Aaron, and his sons washed their hands and feet.
Exodus 40:32	They washed whenever they entered the Tent of Meeting or approached the altar, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Exodus 40:33	And Moses set up the courtyard around the tabernacle and the altar, and he hung the curtain for the entrance to the courtyard. So Moses finished the work.
Exodus 40:34	Then the cloud covered the Tent of Meeting, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:35	Moses was unable to enter the Tent of Meeting because the cloud had settled on it, and the glory of the LORD filled the tabernacle.
Exodus 40:36	Whenever the cloud was lifted from above the tabernacle, the Israelites would set out through all the stages of their journey.
Exodus 40:37	If the cloud was not lifted, they would not set out until the day it was taken up.
Exodus 40:38	For the cloud of the LORD was over the tabernacle by day, and fire was in the cloud by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel through all their journeys.
Leviticus 1:1	Then the LORD called to Moses and spoke to him from the Tent of Meeting, saying,
Leviticus 1:2	“Speak to the Israelites and tell them: When any of you brings an offering to the LORD, you may bring as your offering an animal from the herd or the flock.
Leviticus 1:3	If one’s offering is a burnt offering from the herd, he is to present an unblemished male. He must bring it to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting for its acceptance before the LORD.
Leviticus 1:4	He is to lay his hand on the head of the burnt offering, so it can be accepted on his behalf to make atonement for him.
Leviticus 1:5	And he shall slaughter the young bull before the LORD, and Aaron’s sons the priests are to present the blood and sprinkle it on all sides of the altar at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 1:6	Next, he is to skin the burnt offering and cut it into pieces.
Leviticus 1:7	The sons of Aaron the priest shall put a fire on the altar and arrange wood on the fire.
Leviticus 1:8	Then Aaron’s sons the priests are to arrange the pieces, including the head and the fat, atop the burning wood on the altar.
Leviticus 1:9	The entrails and legs must be washed with water, and the priest shall burn all of it on the altar as a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 1:10	If, however, one’s offering is a burnt offering from the flock—from the sheep or goats—he is to present an unblemished male.
Leviticus 1:11	He shall slaughter it on the north side of the altar before the LORD, and Aaron’s sons the priests are to sprinkle its blood against the altar on all sides.
Leviticus 1:12	He is to cut the animal into pieces, and the priest shall arrange them, including the head and fat, atop the burning wood that is on the altar.
Leviticus 1:13	The entrails and legs must be washed with water, and the priest shall bring all of it and burn it on the altar; it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 1:14	If, instead, one’s offering to the LORD is a burnt offering of birds, he is to present a turtledove or a young pigeon.
Leviticus 1:15	Then the priest shall bring it to the altar, twist off its head, and burn it on the altar; its blood should be drained out on the side of the altar.
Leviticus 1:16	And he is to remove the crop with its contents and throw it to the east side of the altar, in the place for ashes.
Leviticus 1:17	He shall tear it open by its wings, without dividing the bird completely. And the priest is to burn it on the altar atop the burning wood. It is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:1	“When anyone brings a grain offering to the LORD, his offering must consist of fine flour. He is to pour olive oil on it, put frankincense on it,
Leviticus 2:2	and bring it to Aaron’s sons the priests. The priest shall take a handful of the flour and oil, together with all the frankincense, and burn this as a memorial portion on the altar, an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:3	The remainder of the grain offering shall belong to Aaron and his sons; it is a most holy part of the offerings made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:4	Now if you bring an offering of grain baked in an oven, it must consist of fine flour, either unleavened cakes mixed with oil or unleavened wafers coated with oil.
Leviticus 2:5	If your offering is a grain offering prepared on a griddle, it must be unleavened bread made of fine flour mixed with oil.
Leviticus 2:6	Crumble it and pour oil on it; it is a grain offering.
Leviticus 2:7	If your offering is a grain offering cooked in a pan, it must consist of fine flour with oil.
Leviticus 2:8	When you bring to the LORD the grain offering made in any of these ways, it is to be presented to the priest, and he shall take it to the altar.
Leviticus 2:9	The priest is to remove the memorial portion from the grain offering and burn it on the altar as an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:10	But the remainder of the grain offering shall belong to Aaron and his sons; it is a most holy part of the offerings made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:11	No grain offering that you present to the LORD may be made with leaven, for you are not to burn any leaven or honey as an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 2:12	You may bring them to the LORD as an offering of firstfruits, but they are not to be offered on the altar as a pleasing aroma.
Leviticus 2:13	And you shall season each of your grain offerings with salt. You must not leave the salt of the covenant of your God out of your grain offering; you are to add salt to each of your offerings.
Leviticus 2:14	If you bring a grain offering of firstfruits to the LORD, you shall offer crushed heads of new grain roasted on the fire.
Leviticus 2:15	And you are to put oil and frankincense on it; it is a grain offering.
Leviticus 2:16	The priest shall then burn the memorial portion of the crushed grain and the oil, together with all its frankincense, as an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 3:1	“If one’s offering is a peace offering and he offers an animal from the herd, whether male or female, he must present it without blemish before the LORD.
Leviticus 3:2	He is to lay his hand on the head of the offering and slaughter it at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting. Then Aaron’s sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 3:3	From the peace offering he is to bring an offering made by fire to the LORD: the fat that covers the entrails, all the fat that is on them,
Leviticus 3:4	both kidneys with the fat on them near the loins, and the lobe of the liver, which he is to remove with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:5	Then Aaron’s sons are to burn it on the altar atop the burnt offering that is on the burning wood, as an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 3:6	If, however, one’s peace offering to the LORD is from the flock, he must present a male or female without blemish.
Leviticus 3:7	If he is presenting a lamb for his offering, he must present it before the LORD.
Leviticus 3:8	He is to lay his hand on the head of his offering and slaughter it in front of the Tent of Meeting. Then Aaron’s sons shall sprinkle its blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 3:9	And from the peace offering he shall bring an offering made by fire to the LORD consisting of its fat: the entire fat tail cut off close to the backbone, the fat that covers the entrails, all the fat that is on them,
Leviticus 3:10	both kidneys with the fat on them near the loins, and the lobe of the liver, which he is to remove with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:11	Then the priest is to burn them on the altar as food, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 3:12	If one’s offering is a goat, he is to present it before the LORD.
Leviticus 3:13	He must lay his hand on its head and slaughter it in front of the Tent of Meeting. Then Aaron’s sons shall sprinkle its blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 3:14	And from his offering he shall present an offering made by fire to the LORD: the fat that covers the entrails, all the fat that is on them,
Leviticus 3:15	both kidneys with the fat on them near the loins, and the lobe of the liver, which he is to remove with the kidneys.
Leviticus 3:16	Then the priest is to burn the food on the altar as an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma. All the fat is the LORD’s.
Leviticus 3:17	This is a permanent statute for the generations to come, wherever you live: You must not eat any fat or any blood.”
Leviticus 4:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 4:2	“Tell the Israelites to do as follows with one who sins unintentionally against any of the LORD’s commandments and does what is forbidden by them:
Leviticus 4:3	If the anointed priest sins, bringing guilt on the people, he must bring to the LORD a young bull without blemish as a sin offering for the sin he has committed.
Leviticus 4:4	He must bring the bull to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting before the LORD, lay his hand on the bull’s head, and slaughter it before the LORD.
Leviticus 4:5	Then the anointed priest shall take some of the bull’s blood and bring it into the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 4:6	The priest is to dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle some of it seven times before the LORD, in front of the veil of the sanctuary.
Leviticus 4:7	The priest must then put some of the blood on the horns of the altar of fragrant incense that is before the LORD in the Tent of Meeting. And he is to pour out the rest of the bull’s blood at the base of the altar of burnt offering at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 4:8	Then he shall remove all the fat from the bull of the sin offering—the fat that covers the entrails, all the fat that is on them,
Leviticus 4:9	both kidneys with the fat on them near the loins, and the lobe of the liver, which he is to remove with the kidneys—
Leviticus 4:10	just as the fat is removed from the ox of the peace offering. Then the priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:11	But the hide of the bull and all its flesh, with its head and legs and its entrails and dung—
Leviticus 4:12	all the rest of the bull—he must take outside the camp to a ceremonially clean place where the ashes are poured out, and there he must burn it on a wood fire on the ash heap.
Leviticus 4:13	Now if the whole congregation of Israel strays unintentionally and the matter escapes the notice of the assembly so that they violate any of the LORD’s commandments and incur guilt by doing what is forbidden,
Leviticus 4:14	when they become aware of the sin they have committed, then the assembly must bring a young bull as a sin offering and present it before the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 4:15	The elders of the congregation are to lay their hands on the bull’s head before the LORD, and it shall be slaughtered before the LORD.
Leviticus 4:16	Then the anointed priest is to bring some of the bull’s blood into the Tent of Meeting,
Leviticus 4:17	and he is to dip his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD in front of the veil.
Leviticus 4:18	He is also to put some of the blood on the horns of the altar that is before the LORD in the Tent of Meeting, and he must pour out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar of burnt offering at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 4:19	And he is to remove all the fat from it and burn it on the altar.
Leviticus 4:20	He shall offer this bull just as he did the bull for the sin offering; in this way the priest will make atonement on their behalf, and they will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:21	Then he is to take the bull outside the camp and burn it, just as he burned the first bull. It is the sin offering for the assembly.
Leviticus 4:22	When a leader sins unintentionally and does what is prohibited by any of the commandments of the LORD his God, he incurs guilt.
Leviticus 4:23	When he becomes aware of the sin he has committed, he must bring an unblemished male goat as his offering.
Leviticus 4:24	He is to lay his hand on the head of the goat and slaughter it at the place where the burnt offering is slaughtered before the LORD. It is a sin offering.
Leviticus 4:25	Then the priest is to take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:26	He must burn all its fat on the altar, like the fat of the peace offerings; thus the priest will make atonement for that man’s sin, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:27	And if one of the common people sins unintentionally and does what is prohibited by any of the LORD’s commandments, he incurs guilt.
Leviticus 4:28	When he becomes aware of the sin he has committed, he must bring an unblemished female goat as his offering for that sin.
Leviticus 4:29	He is to lay his hand on the head of the sin offering and slaughter it at the place of the burnt offering.
Leviticus 4:30	Then the priest is to take some of its blood with his finger, put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:31	Then he is to remove all the fat, just as it is removed from the peace offering, and the priest is to burn it on the altar as a pleasing aroma to the LORD. In this way the priest will make atonement for him, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 4:32	If, however, he brings a lamb as a sin offering, he must bring an unblemished female.
Leviticus 4:33	And he is to lay his hand on the head of the sin offering and slaughter it as a sin offering at the place where the burnt offering is slaughtered.
Leviticus 4:34	Then the priest is to take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the rest of its blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 4:35	And he shall remove all the fat, just as the fat of the lamb is removed from the peace offerings, and he shall burn it on the altar along with the offerings made by fire to the LORD. In this way the priest will make atonement for him for the sin he has committed, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:1	“If someone sins by failing to testify when he hears a public charge about something he has witnessed, whether he has seen it or learned of it, he shall bear the iniquity.
Leviticus 5:2	Or if a person touches anything unclean—whether the carcass of any unclean wild animal or livestock or crawling creature—even if he is unaware of it, he is unclean and guilty.
Leviticus 5:3	Or if he touches human uncleanness—anything by which one becomes unclean—even if he is unaware of it, when he realizes it, he is guilty.
Leviticus 5:4	Or if someone swears thoughtlessly with his lips to do anything good or evil—in whatever matter a man may rashly pronounce an oath—even if he is unaware of it, when he realizes it, he is guilty in the matter.
Leviticus 5:5	If someone incurs guilt in one of these ways, he must confess the sin he has committed,
Leviticus 5:6	and he must bring his guilt offering to the LORD for the sin he has committed: a female lamb or goat from the flock as a sin offering. And the priest will make atonement for him concerning his sin.
Leviticus 5:7	If, however, he cannot afford a lamb, he may bring to the LORD as restitution for his sin two turtledoves or two young pigeons—one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering.
Leviticus 5:8	He is to bring them to the priest, who shall first present the one for the sin offering. He is to twist its head at the front of its neck without severing it;
Leviticus 5:9	then he is to sprinkle some of the blood of the sin offering on the side of the altar, while the rest of the blood is drained out at the base of the altar. It is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:10	And the priest must prepare the second bird as a burnt offering according to the ordinance. In this way the priest will make atonement for him for the sin he has committed, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:11	But if he cannot afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, he may bring a tenth of an ephah of fine flour as a sin offering. He must not put olive oil or frankincense on it, because it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:12	He is to bring it to the priest, who shall take a handful from it as a memorial portion and burn it on the altar atop the offerings made by fire to the LORD; it is a sin offering.
Leviticus 5:13	In this way the priest will make atonement for him for any of these sins he has committed, and he will be forgiven. The remainder will belong to the priest, like the grain offering.”
Leviticus 5:14	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 5:15	“If someone acts unfaithfully and sins unintentionally against any of the LORD’s holy things, he must bring his guilt offering to the LORD: an unblemished ram from the flock, of proper value in silver shekels according to the sanctuary shekel; it is a guilt offering.
Leviticus 5:16	Regarding any holy thing he has harmed, he must make restitution by adding a fifth of its value to it and giving it to the priest, who will make atonement on his behalf with the ram as a guilt offering, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:17	If someone sins and violates any of the LORD’s commandments even though he was unaware, he is guilty and shall bear his punishment.
Leviticus 5:18	He is to bring to the priest an unblemished ram of proper value from the flock as a guilt offering. Then the priest will make atonement on his behalf for the wrong he has committed in ignorance, and he will be forgiven.
Leviticus 5:19	It is a guilt offering; he was certainly guilty before the LORD.”
Leviticus 6:1	And the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 6:2	“If someone sins and acts unfaithfully against the LORD by deceiving his neighbor in regard to a deposit or security entrusted to him or stolen, or if he extorts his neighbor
Leviticus 6:3	or finds lost property and lies about it and swears falsely, or if he commits any such sin that a man might commit—
Leviticus 6:4	once he has sinned and becomes guilty, he must return what he has stolen or taken by extortion, or the deposit entrusted to him, or the lost property he found,
Leviticus 6:5	or anything else about which he has sworn falsely. He must make restitution in full, add a fifth of the value, and pay it to the owner on the day he acknowledges his guilt.
Leviticus 6:6	Then he must bring to the priest his guilt offering to the LORD: an unblemished ram of proper value from the flock.
Leviticus 6:7	In this way the priest will make atonement for him before the LORD, and he will be forgiven for anything he may have done to incur guilt.”
Leviticus 6:8	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 6:9	“Command Aaron and his sons that this is the law of the burnt offering: The burnt offering is to remain on the hearth of the altar all night, until morning, and the fire must be kept burning on the altar.
Leviticus 6:10	And the priest shall put on his linen robe and linen undergarments, and he shall remove from the altar the ashes of the burnt offering that the fire has consumed and place them beside it.
Leviticus 6:11	Then he must take off his garments, put on other clothes, and carry the ashes outside the camp to a ceremonially clean place.
Leviticus 6:12	The fire on the altar shall be kept burning; it must not be extinguished. Every morning the priest is to add wood to the fire, arrange the burnt offering on it, and burn the fat portions of the peace offerings on it.
Leviticus 6:13	The fire shall be kept burning on the altar continually; it must not be extinguished.
Leviticus 6:14	Now this is the law of the grain offering: Aaron’s sons shall present it before the LORD in front of the altar.
Leviticus 6:15	The priest is to remove a handful of fine flour and olive oil, together with all the frankincense from the grain offering, and burn the memorial portion on the altar as a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 6:16	Aaron and his sons are to eat the remainder. It must be eaten without leaven in a holy place; they are to eat it in the courtyard of the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 6:17	It must not be baked with leaven; I have assigned it as their portion of My offerings made by fire. It is most holy, like the sin offering and the guilt offering.
Leviticus 6:18	Any male among the sons of Aaron may eat it. This is a permanent portion from the offerings made by fire to the LORD for the generations to come. Anything that touches them will become holy.”
Leviticus 6:19	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 6:20	“This is the offering that Aaron and his sons must present to the LORD on the day he is anointed: a tenth of an ephah of fine flour as a regular grain offering, half of it in the morning and half in the evening.
Leviticus 6:21	It shall be prepared with oil on a griddle; you are to bring it well-kneaded and present it as a grain offering broken in pieces, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 6:22	The priest, who is one of Aaron’s sons and will be anointed to take his place, is to prepare it. As a permanent portion for the LORD, it must be burned completely.
Leviticus 6:23	Every grain offering for a priest shall be burned completely; it is not to be eaten.”
Leviticus 6:24	And the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 6:25	“Tell Aaron and his sons that this is the law of the sin offering: In the place where the burnt offering is slaughtered, the sin offering shall be slaughtered before the LORD; it is most holy.
Leviticus 6:26	The priest who offers it shall eat it; it must be eaten in a holy place, in the courtyard of the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 6:27	Anything that touches its flesh will become holy, and if any of the blood is spattered on a garment, you must wash it in a holy place.
Leviticus 6:28	The clay pot in which the sin offering is boiled must be broken; if it is boiled in a bronze pot, the pot must be scoured and rinsed with water.
Leviticus 6:29	Any male among the priests may eat it; it is most holy.
Leviticus 6:30	But no sin offering may be eaten if its blood has been brought into the Tent of Meeting to make atonement in the Holy Place; it must be burned.
Leviticus 7:1	“Now this is the law of the guilt offering, which is most holy:
Leviticus 7:2	The guilt offering must be slaughtered in the place where the burnt offering is slaughtered, and the priest shall sprinkle its blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 7:3	And all the fat from it shall be offered: the fat tail, the fat that covers the entrails,
Leviticus 7:4	both kidneys with the fat on them near the loins, and the lobe of the liver, which is to be removed with the kidneys.
Leviticus 7:5	The priest shall burn them on the altar as an offering made by fire to the LORD; it is a guilt offering.
Leviticus 7:6	Every male among the priests may eat of it. It must be eaten in a holy place; it is most holy.
Leviticus 7:7	The guilt offering is like the sin offering; the same law applies to both. It belongs to the priest who makes atonement with it.
Leviticus 7:8	As for the priest who presents a burnt offering for anyone, the hide of that offering belongs to him.
Leviticus 7:9	Likewise, every grain offering that is baked in an oven or cooked in a pan or on a griddle belongs to the priest who presents it,
Leviticus 7:10	and every grain offering, whether dry or mixed with oil, belongs equally to all the sons of Aaron.
Leviticus 7:11	Now this is the law of the peace offering that one may present to the LORD:
Leviticus 7:12	If he offers it in thanksgiving, then along with the sacrifice of thanksgiving he shall offer unleavened cakes mixed with olive oil, unleavened wafers coated with oil, and well-kneaded cakes of fine flour mixed with oil.
Leviticus 7:13	Along with his peace offering of thanksgiving he is to present an offering with cakes of leavened bread.
Leviticus 7:14	From the cakes he must present one portion of each offering as a contribution to the LORD. It belongs to the priest who sprinkles the blood of the peace offering.
Leviticus 7:15	The meat of the sacrifice of his peace offering of thanksgiving must be eaten on the day he offers it; none of it may be left until morning.
Leviticus 7:16	If, however, the sacrifice he offers is a vow or a freewill offering, it shall be eaten on the day he presents his sacrifice, but the remainder may be eaten on the next day.
Leviticus 7:17	But any meat of the sacrifice remaining until the third day must be burned up.
Leviticus 7:18	If any of the meat from his peace offering is eaten on the third day, it will not be accepted. It will not be credited to the one who presented it; it shall be an abomination, and the one who eats of it shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 7:19	Meat that touches anything unclean must not be eaten; it is to be burned up. As for any other meat, anyone who is ceremonially clean may eat it.
Leviticus 7:20	But if anyone who is unclean eats meat from the peace offering that belongs to the LORD, that person must be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:21	If one touches anything unclean, whether human uncleanness, an unclean animal, or any unclean, detestable thing, and then eats any of the meat of the peace offering that belongs to the LORD, that person must be cut off from his people.”
Leviticus 7:22	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 7:23	“Speak to the Israelites and say, ‘You are not to eat any of the fat of an ox, a sheep, or a goat.
Leviticus 7:24	The fat of an animal found dead or mauled by wild beasts may be used for any other purpose, but you must not eat it.
Leviticus 7:25	If anyone eats the fat of an animal from which an offering made by fire may be presented to the LORD, the one who eats it must be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 7:26	You must not eat the blood of any bird or animal in any of your dwellings.
Leviticus 7:27	If anyone eats blood, that person must be cut off from his people.’”
Leviticus 7:28	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 7:29	“Speak to the Israelites and say, ‘Anyone who presents a peace offering to the LORD must bring it as his sacrifice to the LORD.
Leviticus 7:30	With his own hands he is to bring the offerings made by fire to the LORD; he shall bring the fat, together with the breast, and wave the breast as a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 7:31	The priest is to burn the fat on the altar, but the breast belongs to Aaron and his sons.
Leviticus 7:32	And you are to give the right thigh to the priest as a contribution from your peace offering.
Leviticus 7:33	The son of Aaron who presents the blood and fat of the peace offering shall have the right thigh as a portion.
Leviticus 7:34	I have taken from the sons of Israel the breast of the wave offering and the thigh of the contribution of their peace offerings, and I have given them to Aaron the priest and his sons as a permanent portion from the sons of Israel.’”
Leviticus 7:35	This is the portion of the offerings made by fire to the LORD for Aaron and his sons since the day they were presented to serve the LORD as priests.
Leviticus 7:36	On the day they were anointed, the LORD commanded that this be given them by the sons of Israel. It is a permanent portion for the generations to come.
Leviticus 7:37	This is the law of the burnt offering, the grain offering, the sin offering, the guilt offering, the ordination offering, and the peace offering,
Leviticus 7:38	which the LORD gave Moses on Mount Sinai on the day He commanded the Israelites to present their offerings to the LORD in the Wilderness of Sinai.
Leviticus 8:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 8:2	“Take Aaron and his sons, their garments, the anointing oil, the bull of the sin offering, the two rams, and the basket of unleavened bread,
Leviticus 8:3	and assemble the whole congregation at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.”
Leviticus 8:4	So Moses did as the LORD had commanded him, and the assembly gathered at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 8:5	And Moses said to them, “This is what the LORD has commanded to be done.”
Leviticus 8:6	Then Moses presented Aaron and his sons and washed them with water.
Leviticus 8:7	He put the tunic on Aaron, tied the sash around him, clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod on him. He tied the woven band of the ephod around him and fastened it to him.
Leviticus 8:8	Then he put the breastpiece on him and placed the Urim and Thummim in the breastpiece.
Leviticus 8:9	Moses also put the turban on Aaron’s head and set the gold plate, the holy diadem, on the front of the turban, as the LORD had commanded him.
Leviticus 8:10	Next, Moses took the anointing oil and anointed the tabernacle and everything in it; and so he consecrated them.
Leviticus 8:11	He sprinkled some of the oil on the altar seven times, anointing the altar and all its utensils, and the basin with its stand, to consecrate them.
Leviticus 8:12	He also poured some of the anointing oil on Aaron’s head and anointed him to consecrate him.
Leviticus 8:13	Then Moses presented Aaron’s sons, put tunics on them, wrapped sashes around them, and tied headbands on them, just as the LORD had commanded him.
Leviticus 8:14	Moses then brought the bull near for the sin offering, and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on its head.
Leviticus 8:15	Moses slaughtered the bull, took some of the blood, and applied it with his finger to all four horns of the altar, purifying the altar. He poured out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar and consecrated it so that atonement could be made on it.
Leviticus 8:16	Moses also took all the fat that was on the entrails, the lobe of the liver, and both kidneys and their fat, and burned it all on the altar.
Leviticus 8:17	But the bull with its hide, flesh, and dung he burned outside the camp, as the LORD had commanded him.
Leviticus 8:18	Then Moses presented the ram for the burnt offering, and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on its head.
Leviticus 8:19	Moses slaughtered the ram and sprinkled the blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 8:20	He cut the ram into pieces and burned the head, the pieces, and the fat.
Leviticus 8:21	He washed the entrails and legs with water and burned the entire ram on the altar as a burnt offering, a pleasing aroma, an offering made by fire to the LORD, just as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Leviticus 8:22	After that, Moses presented the other ram, the ram of ordination, and Aaron and his sons laid their hands on its head.
Leviticus 8:23	Moses slaughtered the ram and took some of its blood and put it on Aaron’s right earlobe, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
Leviticus 8:24	Moses also presented Aaron’s sons and put some of the blood on their right earlobes, on the thumbs of their right hands, and on the big toes of their right feet. Then he sprinkled the blood on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 8:25	And Moses took the fat—the fat tail, all the fat that was on the entrails, the lobe of the liver, and both kidneys with their fat—as well as the right thigh.
Leviticus 8:26	And from the basket of unleavened bread that was before the LORD, he took one cake of unleavened bread, one cake of bread made with oil, and one wafer, and he placed them on the fat portions and on the right thigh.
Leviticus 8:27	He put all these in the hands of Aaron and his sons and waved them before the LORD as a wave offering.
Leviticus 8:28	Then Moses took these from their hands and burned them on the altar with the burnt offering. This was an ordination offering, a pleasing aroma, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 8:29	He also took the breast—Moses’ portion of the ram of ordination—and waved it before the LORD as a wave offering, as the LORD had commanded him.
Leviticus 8:30	Next, Moses took some of the anointing oil and some of the blood that was on the altar and sprinkled them on Aaron and his garments, and on his sons and their garments. So he consecrated Aaron and his garments, as well as Aaron’s sons and their garments.
Leviticus 8:31	And Moses said to Aaron and his sons, “Boil the meat at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting and eat it there with the bread that is in the basket of ordination offerings, as I commanded, saying, ‘Aaron and his sons are to eat it.’
Leviticus 8:32	Then you must burn up the remainder of the meat and bread.
Leviticus 8:33	You must not go outside the entrance to the Tent of Meeting for seven days, until the days of your ordination are complete; for it will take seven days to ordain you.
Leviticus 8:34	What has been done today has been commanded by the LORD in order to make atonement on your behalf.
Leviticus 8:35	You must remain at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting day and night for seven days and keep the LORD’s charge so that you will not die, for this is what I have been commanded.”
Leviticus 8:36	So Aaron and his sons did everything the LORD had commanded through Moses.
Leviticus 9:1	On the eighth day Moses summoned Aaron and his sons and the elders of Israel.
Leviticus 9:2	He said to Aaron, “Take for yourself a young bull for a sin offering and a ram for a burnt offering, both without blemish, and present them before the LORD.
Leviticus 9:3	Then speak to the Israelites and say, ‘Take a male goat for a sin offering, a calf and a lamb—both a year old and without blemish—for a burnt offering,
Leviticus 9:4	an ox and a ram for a peace offering to sacrifice before the LORD, and a grain offering mixed with oil. For today the LORD will appear to you.’”
Leviticus 9:5	So they took what Moses had commanded to the front of the Tent of Meeting, and the whole congregation drew near and stood before the LORD.
Leviticus 9:6	And Moses said, “This is what the LORD has commanded you to do, so that the glory of the LORD may appear to you.”
Leviticus 9:7	Then Moses said to Aaron, “Approach the altar and sacrifice your sin offering and your burnt offering to make atonement for yourself and for the people. And sacrifice the people’s offering to make atonement for them, as the LORD has commanded.”
Leviticus 9:8	So Aaron approached the altar and slaughtered the calf as a sin offering for himself.
Leviticus 9:9	The sons of Aaron brought the blood to him, and he dipped his finger in the blood and applied it to the horns of the altar. And he poured out the rest of the blood at the base of the altar.
Leviticus 9:10	On the altar he burned the fat, the kidneys, and the lobe of the liver from the sin offering, as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Leviticus 9:11	But he burned up the flesh and the hide outside the camp.
Leviticus 9:12	Then Aaron slaughtered the burnt offering. His sons brought him the blood, and he sprinkled it on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 9:13	They brought him the burnt offering piece by piece, including the head, and he burned them on the altar.
Leviticus 9:14	He washed the entrails and the legs and burned them atop the burnt offering on the altar.
Leviticus 9:15	Aaron then presented the people’s offering. He took the male goat for the people’s sin offering, slaughtered it, and offered it for sin like the first one.
Leviticus 9:16	He presented the burnt offering and offered it according to the ordinance.
Leviticus 9:17	Next he presented the grain offering, took a handful of it, and burned it on the altar in addition to the morning’s burnt offering.
Leviticus 9:18	Then he slaughtered the ox and the ram as the people’s peace offering. His sons brought him the blood, and he sprinkled it on all sides of the altar.
Leviticus 9:19	They also brought the fat portions from the ox and the ram—the fat tail, the fat covering the entrails, the kidneys, and the lobe of the liver—
Leviticus 9:20	and placed these on the breasts. Aaron burned the fat portions on the altar,
Leviticus 9:21	but he waved the breasts and the right thigh as a wave offering before the LORD, as Moses had commanded.
Leviticus 9:22	Aaron lifted up his hands toward the people and blessed them. And having made the sin offering, the burnt offering, and the peace offering, he stepped down.
Leviticus 9:23	Moses and Aaron then entered the Tent of Meeting. When they came out, they blessed the people, and the glory of the LORD appeared to all the people.
Leviticus 9:24	Fire came out from the presence of the LORD and consumed the burnt offering and the fat portions on the altar. And when all the people saw it, they shouted for joy and fell facedown.
Leviticus 10:1	Now Aaron’s sons Nadab and Abihu took their censers, put fire in them and added incense, and offered unauthorized fire before the LORD, contrary to His command.
Leviticus 10:2	So fire came out from the presence of the LORD and consumed them, and they died in the presence of the LORD.
Leviticus 10:3	Then Moses said to Aaron, “This is what the LORD meant when He said: ‘To those who come near Me I will show My holiness, and in the sight of all the people I will reveal My glory.’” But Aaron remained silent.
Leviticus 10:4	Moses summoned Mishael and Elzaphan, sons of Aaron’s uncle Uzziel, and said to them, “Come here; carry the bodies of your cousins outside the camp, away from the front of the sanctuary.”
Leviticus 10:5	So they came forward and carried them, still in their tunics, outside the camp, as Moses had directed.
Leviticus 10:6	Then Moses said to Aaron and his sons Eleazar and Ithamar, “Do not let your hair become disheveled and do not tear your garments, or else you will die, and the LORD will be angry with the whole congregation. But your brothers, the whole house of Israel, may mourn on account of the fire that the LORD has ignited.
Leviticus 10:7	You shall not go outside the entrance to the Tent of Meeting, or you will die, for the LORD’s anointing oil is on you.” So they did as Moses instructed.
Leviticus 10:8	Then the LORD said to Aaron,
Leviticus 10:9	“You and your sons are not to drink wine or strong drink when you enter the Tent of Meeting, or else you will die; this is a permanent statute for the generations to come.
Leviticus 10:10	You must distinguish between the holy and the common, between the clean and the unclean,
Leviticus 10:11	so that you may teach the Israelites all the statutes that the LORD has given them through Moses.”
Leviticus 10:12	And Moses said to Aaron and his remaining sons, Eleazar and Ithamar, “Take the grain offering that remains from the offerings made by fire to the LORD and eat it without leaven beside the altar, because it is most holy.
Leviticus 10:13	You shall eat it in a holy place, because it is your share and your sons’ share of the offerings made by fire to the LORD; for this is what I have been commanded.
Leviticus 10:14	And you and your sons and daughters may eat the breast of the wave offering and the thigh of the contribution in a ceremonially clean place, because these portions have been assigned to you and your children from the peace offerings of the sons of Israel.
Leviticus 10:15	They are to bring the thigh of the contribution and the breast of the wave offering, together with the fat portions of the offerings made by fire, to wave as a wave offering before the LORD. It will belong permanently to you and your children, as the LORD has commanded.”
Leviticus 10:16	Later, Moses searched carefully for the goat of the sin offering, and behold, it had been burned up. He was angry with Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron’s remaining sons, and asked,
Leviticus 10:17	“Why didn’t you eat the sin offering in the holy place? For it is most holy; it was given to you to take away the guilt of the congregation by making atonement for them before the LORD.
Leviticus 10:18	Since its blood was not brought inside the holy place, you should have eaten it in the sanctuary area, as I commanded.”
Leviticus 10:19	But Aaron replied to Moses, “Behold, this very day they presented their sin offering and their burnt offering before the LORD. Since these things have happened to me, if I had eaten the sin offering today, would it have been acceptable in the sight of the LORD?”
Leviticus 10:20	And when Moses heard this explanation, he was satisfied.
Leviticus 11:1	The LORD spoke again to Moses and Aaron, telling them,
Leviticus 11:2	“Say to the Israelites, ‘Of all the beasts of the earth, these ones you may eat:
Leviticus 11:3	You may eat any animal that has a split hoof completely divided and that chews the cud.
Leviticus 11:4	But of those that only chew the cud or only have a divided hoof, you are not to eat the following: The camel, though it chews the cud, does not have a divided hoof; it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:5	The rock badger, though it chews the cud, does not have a divided hoof; it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:6	The rabbit, though it chews the cud, does not have a divided hoof; it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:7	And the pig, though it has a split hoof completely divided, does not chew the cud; it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:8	You must not eat their meat or touch their carcasses; they are unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:9	Of all the creatures that live in the water, whether in the seas or in the streams, you may eat anything with fins and scales.
Leviticus 11:10	But the following among all the teeming life and creatures in the water are detestable to you: everything in the seas or streams that does not have fins and scales.
Leviticus 11:11	They shall be an abomination to you; you must not eat their meat, and you must detest their carcasses.
Leviticus 11:12	Everything in the water that does not have fins and scales shall be detestable to you.
Leviticus 11:13	Additionally, you are to detest the following birds, and they must not be eaten because they are detestable: the eagle, the bearded vulture, the black vulture,
Leviticus 11:14	the kite, any kind of falcon,
Leviticus 11:15	any kind of raven,
Leviticus 11:16	the ostrich, the screech owl, the gull, any kind of hawk,
Leviticus 11:17	the little owl, the cormorant, the great owl,
Leviticus 11:18	the white owl, the desert owl, the osprey,
Leviticus 11:19	the stork, any kind of heron, the hoopoe, and the bat.
Leviticus 11:20	All flying insects that walk on all fours are detestable to you.
Leviticus 11:21	However, you may eat the following kinds of flying insects that walk on all fours: those having jointed legs above their feet for hopping on the ground.
Leviticus 11:22	Of these you may eat any kind of locust, katydid, cricket, or grasshopper.
Leviticus 11:23	All other flying insects that have four legs are detestable to you.
Leviticus 11:24	These creatures will make you unclean. Whoever touches their carcasses will be unclean until evening,
Leviticus 11:25	and whoever picks up one of their carcasses must wash his clothes, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:26	Every animal with hooves not completely divided or that does not chew the cud is unclean for you. Whoever touches any of them will be unclean.
Leviticus 11:27	All the four-footed animals that walk on their paws are unclean for you; whoever touches their carcasses will be unclean until evening,
Leviticus 11:28	and anyone who picks up a carcass must wash his clothes, and he will be unclean until evening. They are unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:29	The following creatures that move along the ground are unclean for you: the mole, the mouse, any kind of great lizard,
Leviticus 11:30	the gecko, the monitor lizard, the common lizard, the skink, and the chameleon.
Leviticus 11:31	These animals are unclean for you among all the crawling creatures. Whoever touches them when they are dead shall be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:32	When one of them dies and falls on something, that article becomes unclean; any article of wood, clothing, leather, sackcloth, or any implement used for work must be rinsed with water and will remain unclean until evening; then it will be clean.
Leviticus 11:33	If any of them falls into a clay pot, everything in it will be unclean; you must break the pot.
Leviticus 11:34	Any food coming into contact with water from that pot will be unclean, and any drink in such a container will be unclean.
Leviticus 11:35	Anything upon which one of their carcasses falls will be unclean. If it is an oven or cooking pot, it must be smashed; it is unclean and will remain unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:36	Nevertheless, a spring or cistern containing water will remain clean, but one who touches a carcass in it will be unclean.
Leviticus 11:37	If a carcass falls on any seed for sowing, the seed is clean;
Leviticus 11:38	but if water has been put on the seed and a carcass falls on it, it is unclean for you.
Leviticus 11:39	If an animal that you may eat dies, anyone who touches the carcass will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:40	Whoever eats from the carcass must wash his clothes and will be unclean until evening, and anyone who picks up the carcass must wash his clothes and will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 11:41	Every creature that moves along the ground is detestable; it must not be eaten.
Leviticus 11:42	Do not eat any creature that moves along the ground, whether it crawls on its belly or walks on four or more feet; for such creatures are detestable.
Leviticus 11:43	Do not defile yourselves by any crawling creature; do not become unclean or defiled by them.
Leviticus 11:44	For I am the LORD your God; consecrate yourselves, therefore, and be holy, because I am holy. You must not defile yourselves by any creature that crawls along the ground.
Leviticus 11:45	For I am the LORD, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt so that I would be your God; therefore be holy, because I am holy.
Leviticus 11:46	This is the law regarding animals, birds, all living creatures that move in the water, and all creatures that crawl along the ground.
Leviticus 11:47	You must distinguish between the unclean and the clean, between animals that may be eaten and those that may not.’”
Leviticus 12:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 12:2	“Say to the Israelites, ‘A woman who becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son will be unclean for seven days, as she is during the days of her menstruation.
Leviticus 12:3	And on the eighth day the flesh of the boy’s foreskin is to be circumcised.
Leviticus 12:4	The woman shall continue in purification from her bleeding for thirty-three days. She must not touch anything sacred or go into the sanctuary until the days of her purification are complete.
Leviticus 12:5	If, however, she gives birth to a daughter, the woman will be unclean for two weeks as she is during her menstruation. Then she must continue in purification from her bleeding for sixty-six days.
Leviticus 12:6	When the days of her purification are complete, whether for a son or for a daughter, she is to bring to the priest at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting a year-old lamb for a burnt offering and a young pigeon or a turtledove for a sin offering.
Leviticus 12:7	And the priest will present them before the LORD and make atonement for her; and she shall be ceremonially cleansed from her flow of blood. This is the law for a woman giving birth, whether to a male or to a female.
Leviticus 12:8	But if she cannot afford a lamb, she shall bring two turtledoves or two young pigeons, one for a burnt offering and the other for a sin offering. Then the priest will make atonement for her, and she will be clean.’”
Leviticus 13:1	Then the LORD said to Moses and Aaron,
Leviticus 13:2	“When someone has a swelling or rash or bright spot on his skin that could become an infectious skin disease, he must be brought to Aaron the priest or to one of his sons who is a priest.
Leviticus 13:3	The priest is to examine the infection on his skin, and if the hair in the infection has turned white and the sore appears to be deeper than the skin, it is a skin disease. After the priest examines him, he must pronounce him unclean.
Leviticus 13:4	If, however, the spot on his skin is white and does not appear to be deeper than the skin, and the hair in it has not turned white, the priest shall isolate the infected person for seven days.
Leviticus 13:5	On the seventh day the priest is to reexamine him, and if he sees that the infection is unchanged and has not spread on the skin, the priest must isolate him for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:6	The priest will examine him again on the seventh day, and if the sore has faded and has not spread on the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean; it is a rash. The person must wash his clothes and be clean.
Leviticus 13:7	But if the rash spreads further on his skin after he has shown himself to the priest for his cleansing, he must present himself again to the priest.
Leviticus 13:8	The priest will reexamine him, and if the rash has spread on the skin, the priest must pronounce him unclean; he has a skin disease.
Leviticus 13:9	When anyone develops a skin disease, he must be brought to the priest.
Leviticus 13:10	The priest will examine him, and if there is a white swelling on the skin that has turned the hair white, and there is raw flesh in the swelling,
Leviticus 13:11	it is a chronic skin disease and the priest must pronounce him unclean. He need not isolate him, for he is unclean.
Leviticus 13:12	But if the skin disease breaks out all over his skin so that it covers all the skin of the infected person from head to foot, as far as the priest can see,
Leviticus 13:13	the priest shall examine him, and if the disease has covered his entire body, he is to pronounce the infected person clean. Since it has all turned white, he is clean.
Leviticus 13:14	But whenever raw flesh appears on someone, he will be unclean.
Leviticus 13:15	When the priest sees the raw flesh, he must pronounce him unclean. The raw flesh is unclean; it is a skin disease.
Leviticus 13:16	But if the raw flesh changes and turns white, he must go to the priest.
Leviticus 13:17	The priest will reexamine him, and if the infection has turned white, the priest is to pronounce the infected person clean; then he is clean.
Leviticus 13:18	When a boil appears on someone’s skin and it heals,
Leviticus 13:19	and a white swelling or a reddish-white spot develops where the boil was, he must present himself to the priest.
Leviticus 13:20	The priest shall examine it, and if it appears to be beneath the skin and the hair in it has turned white, the priest shall pronounce him unclean; it is a diseased infection that has broken out in the boil.
Leviticus 13:21	But when the priest examines it, if there is no white hair in it, and it is not beneath the skin and has faded, the priest shall isolate him for seven days.
Leviticus 13:22	If it spreads any further on the skin, the priest must pronounce him unclean; it is an infection.
Leviticus 13:23	But if the spot remains unchanged and does not spread, it is only the scar from the boil, and the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Leviticus 13:24	When there is a burn on someone’s skin and the raw area of the burn becomes reddish-white or white,
Leviticus 13:25	the priest must examine it. If the hair in the spot has turned white and the spot appears to be deeper than the skin, it is a disease that has broken out in the burn. The priest must pronounce him unclean; it is a diseased infection.
Leviticus 13:26	But if the priest examines it and there is no white hair in the spot, and it is not beneath the skin but has faded, the priest shall isolate him for seven days.
Leviticus 13:27	On the seventh day the priest is to reexamine him, and if it has spread further on the skin, the priest must pronounce him unclean; it is a diseased infection.
Leviticus 13:28	But if the spot is unchanged and has not spread on the skin but has faded, it is a swelling from the burn, and the priest is to pronounce him clean; for it is only the scar from the burn.
Leviticus 13:29	If a man or woman has an infection on the head or chin,
Leviticus 13:30	the priest shall examine the infection, and if it appears to be deeper than the skin and the hair in it is yellow and thin, the priest must pronounce him unclean; it is a scaly outbreak, an infectious disease of the head or chin.
Leviticus 13:31	But if the priest examines the scaly infection and it does not appear to be deeper than the skin, and there is no black hair in it, the priest shall isolate the infected person for seven days.
Leviticus 13:32	On the seventh day the priest is to reexamine the infection, and if the scaly outbreak has not spread and there is no yellow hair in it, and it does not appear to be deeper than the skin,
Leviticus 13:33	then the person must shave himself except for the scaly area. Then the priest shall isolate him for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:34	On the seventh day the priest shall examine the scaly outbreak, and if it has not spread on the skin and does not appear to be deeper than the skin, the priest is to pronounce him clean. He must wash his clothes, and he will be clean.
Leviticus 13:35	If, however, the scaly outbreak spreads further on the skin after his cleansing,
Leviticus 13:36	the priest is to examine him, and if the scaly outbreak has spread on the skin, the priest need not look for yellow hair; the person is unclean.
Leviticus 13:37	If, however, in his sight the scaly outbreak is unchanged and black hair has grown in it, then it has healed. He is clean, and the priest is to pronounce him clean.
Leviticus 13:38	When a man or a woman has white spots on the skin,
Leviticus 13:39	the priest shall examine them, and if the spots are dull white, it is a harmless rash that has broken out on the skin; the person is clean.
Leviticus 13:40	Now if a man loses his hair and is bald, he is still clean.
Leviticus 13:41	Or if his hairline recedes and he is bald on his forehead, he is still clean.
Leviticus 13:42	But if there is a reddish-white sore on the bald head or forehead, it is an infectious disease breaking out on it.
Leviticus 13:43	The priest is to examine him, and if the swelling of the infection on his bald head or forehead is reddish-white like a skin disease,
Leviticus 13:44	the man is diseased; he is unclean. The priest must pronounce him unclean because of the infection on his head.
Leviticus 13:45	A diseased person must wear torn clothes and let his hair hang loose, and he must cover his mouth and cry out, ‘Unclean, unclean!’
Leviticus 13:46	As long as he has the infection, he remains unclean. He must live alone in a place outside the camp.
Leviticus 13:47	If any fabric is contaminated with mildew—any wool or linen garment,
Leviticus 13:48	any weave or knit of linen or wool, or any article of leather—
Leviticus 13:49	and if the mark in the fabric, leather, weave, knit, or leather article is green or red, then it is contaminated with mildew and must be shown to the priest.
Leviticus 13:50	And the priest is to examine the mildew and isolate the contaminated fabric for seven days.
Leviticus 13:51	On the seventh day the priest shall reexamine it, and if the mildew has spread in the fabric, weave, knit, or leather, then regardless of how it is used, it is a harmful mildew; the article is unclean.
Leviticus 13:52	He is to burn the fabric, weave, or knit, whether the contaminated item is wool or linen or leather. Since the mildew is harmful, the article must be burned up.
Leviticus 13:53	But when the priest reexamines it, if the mildew has not spread in the fabric, weave, knit, or leather article,
Leviticus 13:54	the priest is to order the contaminated article to be washed and isolated for another seven days.
Leviticus 13:55	After it has been washed, the priest is to reexamine it, and if the mildewed article has not changed in appearance, it is unclean. Even though the mildew has not spread, you must burn it, whether the rot is on the front or back.
Leviticus 13:56	If the priest examines it and the mildew has faded after it has been washed, he must cut the contaminated section out of the fabric, leather, weave, or knit.
Leviticus 13:57	But if it reappears in the fabric, weave, or knit, or on any leather article, it is spreading. You must burn the contaminated article.
Leviticus 13:58	If the mildew disappears from the fabric, weave, or knit, or any leather article after washing, then it is to be washed again, and it will be clean.
Leviticus 13:59	This is the law concerning a mildew contamination in wool or linen fabric, weave, or knit, or any leather article, for pronouncing it clean or unclean.”
Leviticus 14:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 14:2	“This is the law for the one afflicted with a skin disease on the day of his cleansing, when he is brought to the priest.
Leviticus 14:3	The priest is to go outside the camp to examine him, and if the skin disease of the afflicted person has healed,
Leviticus 14:4	the priest shall order that two live clean birds, cedar wood, scarlet yarn, and hyssop be brought for the one to be cleansed.
Leviticus 14:5	Then the priest shall command that one of the birds be slaughtered over fresh water in a clay pot.
Leviticus 14:6	And he is to take the live bird together with the cedar wood, scarlet yarn, and hyssop, and dip them into the blood of the bird that was slaughtered over the fresh water.
Leviticus 14:7	Seven times he shall sprinkle the one to be cleansed of the skin disease. Then he shall pronounce him clean and release the live bird into the open field.
Leviticus 14:8	The one being cleansed must wash his clothes, shave off all his hair, and bathe with water; then he will be ceremonially clean. Afterward, he may enter the camp, but he must remain outside his tent for seven days.
Leviticus 14:9	On the seventh day he must shave off all his hair—his head, his beard, his eyebrows, and the rest of his hair. He must wash his clothes and bathe himself with water, and he will be clean.
Leviticus 14:10	On the eighth day he is to bring two unblemished male lambs, an unblemished ewe lamb a year old, a grain offering of three-tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with olive oil, and one log of olive oil.
Leviticus 14:11	The priest who performs the cleansing shall present the one to be cleansed, together with these offerings, before the LORD at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 14:12	Then the priest is to take one of the male lambs and present it as a guilt offering, along with the log of olive oil; and he must wave them as a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:13	Then he is to slaughter the lamb in the sanctuary area where the sin offering and burnt offering are slaughtered. Like the sin offering, the guilt offering belongs to the priest; it is most holy.
Leviticus 14:14	The priest is to take some of the blood from the guilt offering and put it on the right earlobe of the one to be cleansed, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
Leviticus 14:15	Then the priest shall take some of the log of olive oil, pour it into his left palm,
Leviticus 14:16	dip his right forefinger into the oil in his left palm, and sprinkle some of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:17	And the priest is to put some of the oil remaining in his palm on the right earlobe of the one to be cleansed, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot, on top of the blood of the guilt offering.
Leviticus 14:18	The rest of the oil in his palm, the priest is to put on the head of the one to be cleansed, to make atonement for him before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:19	Then the priest is to sacrifice the sin offering and make atonement for the one to be cleansed from his uncleanness. After that, the priest shall slaughter the burnt offering
Leviticus 14:20	and offer it on the altar, with the grain offering, to make atonement for him, and he will be clean.
Leviticus 14:21	If, however, the person is poor and cannot afford these offerings, he is to take one male lamb as a guilt offering to be waved to make atonement for him, along with a tenth of an ephah of fine flour mixed with olive oil for a grain offering, a log of olive oil,
Leviticus 14:22	and two turtledoves or two young pigeons, whichever he can afford, one to be a sin offering and the other a burnt offering.
Leviticus 14:23	On the eighth day he is to bring them for his cleansing to the priest at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:24	The priest shall take the lamb for the guilt offering, along with the log of olive oil, and wave them as a wave offering before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:25	And after he slaughters the lamb for the guilt offering, the priest is to take some of the blood of the guilt offering and put it on the right earlobe of the one to be cleansed, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
Leviticus 14:26	Then the priest is to pour some of the oil into his left palm
Leviticus 14:27	and sprinkle with his right forefinger some of the oil in his left palm seven times before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:28	The priest shall also put some of the oil in his palm on the right earlobe of the one to be cleansed, on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot—on the same places as the blood of the guilt offering.
Leviticus 14:29	The rest of the oil in his palm, the priest is to put on the head of the one to be cleansed, to make atonement for him before the LORD.
Leviticus 14:30	Then he must sacrifice the turtledoves or young pigeons, whichever he can afford,
Leviticus 14:31	one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering, together with the grain offering. In this way the priest will make atonement before the LORD for the one to be cleansed.
Leviticus 14:32	This is the law for someone who has a skin disease and cannot afford the cost of his cleansing.”
Leviticus 14:33	Then the LORD said to Moses and Aaron,
Leviticus 14:34	“When you enter the land of Canaan, which I am giving you as your possession, and I put a contamination of mildew into a house in that land,
Leviticus 14:35	the owner of the house shall come and tell the priest, ‘Something like mildew has appeared in my house.’
Leviticus 14:36	The priest must order that the house be cleared before he enters it to examine the mildew, so that nothing in the house will become unclean. After this, the priest shall go in to inspect the house.
Leviticus 14:37	He is to examine the house, and if the mildew on the walls consists of green or red depressions that appear to be beneath the surface of the wall,
Leviticus 14:38	the priest shall go outside the doorway of the house and close it up for seven days.
Leviticus 14:39	On the seventh day the priest is to return and inspect the house. If the mildew has spread on the walls,
Leviticus 14:40	he must order that the contaminated stones be pulled out and thrown into an unclean place outside the city.
Leviticus 14:41	And he shall have the inside of the house scraped completely and the plaster that is scraped off dumped into an unclean place outside the city.
Leviticus 14:42	So different stones must be obtained to replace the contaminated ones, as well as additional mortar to replaster the house.
Leviticus 14:43	If the mildew reappears in the house after the stones have been torn out and the house has been scraped and replastered,
Leviticus 14:44	the priest must come and inspect it. If the mildew has spread in the house, it is a destructive mildew; the house is unclean.
Leviticus 14:45	It must be torn down with its stones, its timbers, and all its plaster, and taken outside the city to an unclean place.
Leviticus 14:46	Anyone who enters the house during any of the days that it is closed up will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 14:47	And anyone who sleeps in the house or eats in it must wash his clothes.
Leviticus 14:48	If, however, the priest comes and inspects it, and the mildew has not spread after the house has been replastered, he shall pronounce the house clean, because the mildew is gone.
Leviticus 14:49	He is to take two birds, cedar wood, scarlet yarn, and hyssop to purify the house;
Leviticus 14:50	and he shall slaughter one of the birds over fresh water in a clay pot.
Leviticus 14:51	Then he shall take the cedar wood, the hyssop, the scarlet yarn, and the live bird, dip them in the blood of the slaughtered bird and the fresh water, and sprinkle the house seven times.
Leviticus 14:52	And he shall cleanse the house with the bird’s blood, the fresh water, the live bird, the cedar wood, the hyssop, and the scarlet yarn.
Leviticus 14:53	Finally, he is to release the live bird into the open fields outside the city. In this way he will make atonement for the house, and it will be clean.
Leviticus 14:54	This is the law for any infectious skin disease, for a scaly outbreak,
Leviticus 14:55	for mildew in clothing or in a house,
Leviticus 14:56	and for a swelling, rash, or spot,
Leviticus 14:57	to determine when something is clean or unclean. This is the law regarding skin diseases and mildew.”
Leviticus 15:1	And the LORD said to Moses and Aaron,
Leviticus 15:2	“Say to the Israelites, ‘When any man has a bodily discharge, the discharge is unclean.
Leviticus 15:3	This uncleanness is from his discharge, whether his body allows the discharge to flow or blocks it. So his discharge will bring about uncleanness.
Leviticus 15:4	Any bed on which the man with the discharge lies will be unclean, and any furniture on which he sits will be unclean.
Leviticus 15:5	Anyone who touches his bed must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:6	Whoever sits on furniture on which the man with the discharge was sitting must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:7	Whoever touches the body of the man with a discharge must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:8	If the man with the discharge spits on one who is clean, that person must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:9	Any saddle on which the man with the discharge rides will be unclean.
Leviticus 15:10	Whoever touches anything that was under him will be unclean until evening, and whoever carries such things must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:11	If the man with the discharge touches anyone without first rinsing his hands with water, the one who was touched must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:12	Any clay pot that the man with the discharge touches must be broken, and any wooden utensil must be rinsed with water.
Leviticus 15:13	When the man has been cleansed from his discharge, he must count off seven days for his cleansing, wash his clothes, and bathe himself in fresh water, and he shall be clean.
Leviticus 15:14	On the eighth day he is to take two turtledoves or two young pigeons, come before the LORD at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting, and give them to the priest.
Leviticus 15:15	The priest is to sacrifice them, one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering. In this way the priest will make atonement for the man before the LORD because of his discharge.
Leviticus 15:16	When a man has an emission of semen, he must bathe his whole body with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:17	Any clothing or leather on which there is an emission of semen must be washed with water, and it will remain unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:18	If a man lies with a woman and there is an emission of semen, both must bathe with water, and they will remain unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:19	When a woman has a discharge consisting of blood from her body, she will be unclean due to her menstruation for seven days, and anyone who touches her will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:20	Anything on which she lies or sits during her menstruation will be unclean,
Leviticus 15:21	and anyone who touches her bed must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:22	Whoever touches any furniture on which she was sitting must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:23	And whether it is a bed or furniture on which she was sitting, whoever touches it will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:24	If a man lies with her and her menstrual flow touches him, he will be unclean for seven days, and any bed on which he lies will become unclean.
Leviticus 15:25	When a woman has a discharge of her blood for many days at a time other than her menstrual period, or if it continues beyond her period, she will be unclean all the days of her unclean discharge, just as she is during the days of her menstruation.
Leviticus 15:26	Any bed on which she lies or any furniture on which she sits during the days of her discharge will be unclean, like her bed during her menstrual period.
Leviticus 15:27	Anyone who touches these things will be unclean; he must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening.
Leviticus 15:28	When a woman is cleansed of her discharge, she must count off seven days, and after that she will be ceremonially clean.
Leviticus 15:29	On the eighth day she is to take two turtledoves or two young pigeons and bring them to the priest at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 15:30	The priest is to sacrifice one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering. In this way the priest will make atonement for her before the LORD for her unclean discharge.
Leviticus 15:31	You must keep the children of Israel separate from their uncleanness, so that they do not die by defiling My tabernacle, which is among them.
Leviticus 15:32	This is the law of him who has a discharge, of the man who has an emission of semen whereby he is unclean,
Leviticus 15:33	of a woman in her menstrual period, of any male or female who has a discharge, and of a man who lies with an unclean woman.’”
Leviticus 16:1	Now the LORD spoke to Moses after the death of two of Aaron’s sons when they approached the presence of the LORD.
Leviticus 16:2	And the LORD said to Moses: “Tell your brother Aaron not to enter freely into the Most Holy Place behind the veil in front of the mercy seat on the ark, or else he will die, because I appear in the cloud above the mercy seat.
Leviticus 16:3	This is how Aaron is to enter the Holy Place: with a young bull for a sin offering and a ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:4	He is to wear the sacred linen tunic, with linen undergarments. He must tie a linen sash around him and put on the linen turban. These are holy garments, and he must bathe himself with water before he wears them.
Leviticus 16:5	And he shall take from the congregation of Israel two male goats for a sin offering and one ram for a burnt offering.
Leviticus 16:6	Aaron is to present the bull for his sin offering and make atonement for himself and his household.
Leviticus 16:7	Then he shall take the two goats and present them before the LORD at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting.
Leviticus 16:8	After Aaron casts lots for the two goats, one for the LORD and the other for the scapegoat,
Leviticus 16:9	he shall present the goat chosen by lot for the LORD and sacrifice it as a sin offering.
Leviticus 16:10	But the goat chosen by lot as the scapegoat shall be presented alive before the LORD to make atonement by sending it into the wilderness as the scapegoat.
Leviticus 16:11	When Aaron presents the bull for his sin offering and makes atonement for himself and his household, he is to slaughter the bull for his own sin offering.
Leviticus 16:12	Then he must take a censer full of burning coals from the altar before the LORD, and two handfuls of finely ground fragrant incense, and take them inside the veil.
Leviticus 16:13	He is to put the incense on the fire before the LORD, and the cloud of incense will cover the mercy seat above the Testimony, so that he will not die.
Leviticus 16:14	And he is to take some of the bull’s blood and sprinkle it with his finger on the east side of the mercy seat; then he shall sprinkle some of it with his finger seven times before the mercy seat.
Leviticus 16:15	Aaron shall then slaughter the goat for the sin offering for the people and bring its blood behind the veil, and with its blood he must do as he did with the bull’s blood: He is to sprinkle it against the mercy seat and in front of it.
Leviticus 16:16	So he shall make atonement for the Most Holy Place because of the impurities and rebellious acts of the Israelites in regard to all their sins. He is to do the same for the Tent of Meeting which abides among them, because it is surrounded by their impurities.
Leviticus 16:17	No one may be in the Tent of Meeting from the time Aaron goes in to make atonement in the Most Holy Place until he leaves, after he has made atonement for himself, his household, and the whole assembly of Israel.
Leviticus 16:18	Then he shall go out to the altar that is before the LORD and make atonement for it. He is to take some of the bull’s blood and some of the goat’s blood and put it on all the horns of the altar.
Leviticus 16:19	He is to sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times to cleanse it and consecrate it from the uncleanness of the Israelites.
Leviticus 16:20	When Aaron has finished purifying the Most Holy Place, the Tent of Meeting, and the altar, he is to bring forward the live goat.
Leviticus 16:21	Then he is to lay both hands on the head of the live goat and confess over it all the iniquities and rebellious acts of the Israelites in regard to all their sins. He is to put them on the goat’s head and send it away into the wilderness by the hand of a man appointed for the task.
Leviticus 16:22	The goat will carry on itself all their iniquities into a solitary place, and the man will release it into the wilderness.
Leviticus 16:23	Then Aaron is to enter the Tent of Meeting, take off the linen garments he put on before entering the Most Holy Place, and leave them there.
Leviticus 16:24	He is to bathe himself with water in a holy place and put on his own clothes. Then he must go out and sacrifice his burnt offering and the people’s burnt offering to make atonement for himself and for the people.
Leviticus 16:25	He is also to burn the fat of the sin offering on the altar.
Leviticus 16:26	The man who released the goat as the scapegoat must wash his clothes and bathe himself with water; afterward he may reenter the camp.
Leviticus 16:27	The bull for the sin offering and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was brought into the Most Holy Place to make atonement, must be taken outside the camp; and their hides, flesh, and dung must be burned up.
Leviticus 16:28	The one who burns them must wash his clothes and bathe himself with water, and afterward he may reenter the camp.
Leviticus 16:29	This is to be a permanent statute for you: On the tenth day of the seventh month, you shall humble yourselves and not do any work—whether the native or the foreigner who resides among you—
Leviticus 16:30	because on this day atonement will be made for you to cleanse you, and you will be clean from all your sins before the LORD.
Leviticus 16:31	It is a Sabbath of complete rest for you, that you may humble yourselves; it is a permanent statute.
Leviticus 16:32	The priest who is anointed and ordained to succeed his father as high priest shall make atonement. He will put on the sacred linen garments
Leviticus 16:33	and make atonement for the Most Holy Place, the Tent of Meeting, and the altar, and for the priests and all the people of the assembly.
Leviticus 16:34	This is to be a permanent statute for you, to make atonement once a year for the Israelites because of all their sins.” And all this was done as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Leviticus 17:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 17:2	“Speak to Aaron, his sons, and all the Israelites and tell them this is what the LORD has commanded:
Leviticus 17:3	‘Anyone from the house of Israel who slaughters an ox, a lamb, or a goat in the camp or outside of it
Leviticus 17:4	instead of bringing it to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting to present it as an offering to the LORD before His tabernacle—that man shall incur bloodguilt. He has shed blood and must be cut off from among his people.
Leviticus 17:5	For this reason the Israelites will bring to the LORD the sacrifices they have been offering in the open fields. They are to bring them to the priest at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting and offer them as sacrifices of peace to the LORD.
Leviticus 17:6	The priest will then sprinkle the blood on the altar of the LORD at the entrance to the Tent of Meeting and burn the fat as a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 17:7	They must no longer offer their sacrifices to the goat demons to which they have prostituted themselves. This will be a permanent statute for them for the generations to come.’
Leviticus 17:8	Tell them that if anyone from the house of Israel or any foreigner living among them offers a burnt offering or a sacrifice
Leviticus 17:9	but does not bring it to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting to sacrifice it to the LORD, that man must be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 17:10	If anyone from the house of Israel or a foreigner living among them eats any blood, I will set My face against that person and cut him off from among his people.
Leviticus 17:11	For the life of the flesh is in the blood, and I have given it to you to make atonement for your souls upon the altar; for it is the blood that makes atonement for the soul.
Leviticus 17:12	Therefore I say to the Israelites, ‘None of you may eat blood, nor may any foreigner living among you eat blood.’
Leviticus 17:13	And if any Israelite or foreigner living among them hunts down a wild animal or bird that may be eaten, he must drain its blood and cover it with dirt.
Leviticus 17:14	For the life of all flesh is its blood. Therefore I have told the Israelites, ‘You must not eat the blood of any living thing, because the life of all flesh is its blood; whoever eats it must be cut off.’
Leviticus 17:15	And any person, whether native or foreigner, who eats anything found dead or mauled by wild beasts must wash his clothes and bathe with water, and he will be unclean until evening; then he will be clean.
Leviticus 17:16	But if he does not wash his clothes and bathe himself, then he shall bear his iniquity.”
Leviticus 18:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 18:2	“Speak to the Israelites and tell them: I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 18:3	You must not follow the practices of the land of Egypt, where you used to live, and you must not follow the practices of the land of Canaan, into which I am bringing you. You must not walk in their customs.
Leviticus 18:4	You are to practice My judgments and keep My statutes by walking in them. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 18:5	Keep My statutes and My judgments, for the man who does these things will live by them. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 18:6	None of you are to approach any close relative to have sexual relations. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 18:7	You must not expose the nakedness of your father by having sexual relations with your mother. She is your mother; you must not have sexual relations with her.
Leviticus 18:8	You must not have sexual relations with your father’s wife; it would dishonor your father.
Leviticus 18:9	You must not have sexual relations with your sister, either your father’s daughter or your mother’s daughter, whether she was born in the same home or elsewhere.
Leviticus 18:10	You must not have sexual relations with your son’s daughter or your daughter’s daughter, for that would shame your family.
Leviticus 18:11	You must not have sexual relations with the daughter of your father’s wife, born to your father; she is your sister.
Leviticus 18:12	You must not have sexual relations with your father’s sister; she is your father’s close relative.
Leviticus 18:13	You must not have sexual relations with your mother’s sister, for she is your mother’s close relative.
Leviticus 18:14	You must not dishonor your father’s brother by approaching his wife to have sexual relations with her; she is your aunt.
Leviticus 18:15	You must not have sexual relations with your daughter-in-law. She is your son’s wife; you are not to have sexual relations with her.
Leviticus 18:16	You must not have sexual relations with your brother’s wife; that would shame your brother.
Leviticus 18:17	You must not have sexual relations with both a woman and her daughter. You are not to marry her son’s daughter or her daughter’s daughter and have sexual relations with her. They are close relatives; it is depraved.
Leviticus 18:18	You must not take your wife’s sister as a rival wife and have sexual relations with her while your wife is still alive.
Leviticus 18:19	You must not approach a woman to have sexual relations with her during her menstrual period.
Leviticus 18:20	You must not lie carnally with your neighbor’s wife and thus defile yourself with her.
Leviticus 18:21	You must not give any of your children to be sacrificed to Molech, for you must not profane the name of your God. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 18:22	You must not lie with a man as with a woman; that is an abomination.
Leviticus 18:23	You must not lie carnally with any animal, thus defiling yourself with it; a woman must not stand before an animal to mate with it; that is a perversion.
Leviticus 18:24	Do not defile yourselves by any of these practices, for by all these things the nations I am driving out before you have defiled themselves.
Leviticus 18:25	Even the land has become defiled, so I am punishing it for its sin, and the land will vomit out its inhabitants.
Leviticus 18:26	But you are to keep My statutes and ordinances, and you must not commit any of these abominations—neither your native-born nor the foreigner who lives among you.
Leviticus 18:27	For the men who were in the land before you committed all these abominations, and the land has become defiled.
Leviticus 18:28	So if you defile the land, it will vomit you out as it spewed out the nations before you.
Leviticus 18:29	Therefore anyone who commits any of these abominations must be cut off from among his people.
Leviticus 18:30	You must keep My charge not to practice any of the abominable customs that were practiced before you, so that you do not defile yourselves by them. I am the LORD your God.”
Leviticus 19:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 19:2	“Speak to the whole congregation of Israel and tell them: Be holy because I, the LORD your God, am holy.
Leviticus 19:3	Each of you must respect his mother and father, and you must keep My Sabbaths. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:4	Do not turn to idols or make for yourselves molten gods. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:5	When you sacrifice a peace offering to the LORD, you shall offer it for your acceptance.
Leviticus 19:6	It shall be eaten on the day you sacrifice it, or on the next day; but what remains on the third day must be burned up.
Leviticus 19:7	If any of it is eaten on the third day, it is tainted and will not be accepted.
Leviticus 19:8	Whoever eats it will bear his iniquity, for he has profaned what is holy to the LORD. That person must be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 19:9	When you reap the harvest of your land, you are not to reap to the very edges of your field or gather the gleanings of your harvest.
Leviticus 19:10	You must not strip your vineyard bare or gather its fallen grapes. Leave them for the poor and the foreigner. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:11	You must not steal. You must not lie or deceive one another.
Leviticus 19:12	You must not swear falsely by My name and so profane the name of your God. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:13	You must not defraud your neighbor or rob him. You must not withhold until morning the wages due a hired hand.
Leviticus 19:14	You must not curse the deaf or place a stumbling block before the blind, but you shall fear your God. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:15	You must not pervert justice; you must not show partiality to the poor or favoritism to the rich; you are to judge your neighbor fairly.
Leviticus 19:16	You must not go about spreading slander among your people. You must not endanger the life of your neighbor. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:17	You must not harbor hatred against your brother in your heart. Directly rebuke your neighbor, so that you will not incur guilt on account of him.
Leviticus 19:18	Do not seek revenge or bear a grudge against any of your people, but love your neighbor as yourself. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:19	You are to keep My statutes. You shall not crossbreed two different kinds of livestock; you shall not sow your fields with two kinds of seed; and you shall not wear clothing made of two kinds of material.
Leviticus 19:20	If a man lies carnally with a slave girl promised to another man but who has not been redeemed or given her freedom, there must be due punishment. But they are not to be put to death, because she had not been freed.
Leviticus 19:21	The man, however, must bring a ram to the entrance to the Tent of Meeting as his guilt offering to the LORD.
Leviticus 19:22	The priest shall make atonement on his behalf before the LORD with the ram of the guilt offering for the sin he has committed, and he will be forgiven the sin he has committed.
Leviticus 19:23	When you enter the land and plant any kind of tree for food, you shall regard the fruit as forbidden. For three years it will be forbidden to you and must not be eaten.
Leviticus 19:24	In the fourth year all its fruit must be consecrated as a praise offering to the LORD.
Leviticus 19:25	But in the fifth year you may eat its fruit; thus your harvest will be increased. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:26	You must not eat anything with blood still in it. You must not practice divination or sorcery.
Leviticus 19:27	You must not cut off the hair at the sides of your head or clip off the edges of your beard.
Leviticus 19:28	You must not make any cuts in your bodies for the dead or put tattoo marks on yourselves. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:29	You must not defile your daughter by making her a prostitute, or the land will be prostituted and filled with depravity.
Leviticus 19:30	You must keep My Sabbaths and have reverence for My sanctuary. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:31	You must not turn to mediums or spiritists; do not seek them out, or you will be defiled by them. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:32	You are to rise in the presence of the elderly, honor the aged, and fear your God. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 19:33	When a foreigner resides with you in your land, you must not oppress him.
Leviticus 19:34	You must treat the foreigner living among you as native-born and love him as yourself, for you were foreigners in the land of Egypt. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 19:35	You must not use dishonest measures of length, weight, or volume.
Leviticus 19:36	You shall maintain honest scales and weights, an honest ephah, and an honest hin. I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Leviticus 19:37	You must keep all My statutes and all My ordinances and follow them. I am the LORD.”
Leviticus 20:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 20:2	“Tell the Israelites, ‘Any Israelite or foreigner living in Israel who gives any of his children to Molech must be put to death. The people of the land are to stone him.
Leviticus 20:3	And I will set My face against that man and cut him off from his people, because by giving his offspring to Molech, he has defiled My sanctuary and profaned My holy name.
Leviticus 20:4	And if the people of the land ever hide their eyes and fail to put to death the man who gives one of his children to Molech,
Leviticus 20:5	then I will set My face against that man and his family and cut off from among their people both him and all who follow him in prostituting themselves with Molech.
Leviticus 20:6	Whoever turns to mediums or spiritists to prostitute himself with them, I will also set My face against that person and cut him off from his people.
Leviticus 20:7	Consecrate yourselves, therefore, and be holy, because I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 20:8	And you shall keep My statutes and practice them. I am the LORD who sanctifies you.
Leviticus 20:9	If anyone curses his father or mother, he must be put to death. He has cursed his father or mother; his blood shall be upon him.
Leviticus 20:10	If a man commits adultery with another man’s wife—with the wife of his neighbor—both the adulterer and the adulteress must surely be put to death.
Leviticus 20:11	If a man lies with his father’s wife, he has uncovered his father’s nakedness. Both must surely be put to death; their blood is upon them.
Leviticus 20:12	If a man lies with his daughter-in-law, both must surely be put to death. They have acted perversely; their blood is upon them.
Leviticus 20:13	If a man lies with a man as with a woman, they have both committed an abomination. They must surely be put to death; their blood is upon them.
Leviticus 20:14	If a man marries both a woman and her mother, it is depraved. Both he and they must be burned in the fire, so that there will be no depravity among you.
Leviticus 20:15	If a man lies carnally with an animal, he must be put to death. And you are also to kill the animal.
Leviticus 20:16	If a woman approaches any animal to mate with it, you must kill both the woman and the animal. They must surely be put to death; their blood is upon them.
Leviticus 20:17	If a man marries his sister, whether the daughter of his father or of his mother, and they have sexual relations, it is a disgrace. They must be cut off in the sight of their people. He has uncovered the nakedness of his sister; he shall bear his iniquity.
Leviticus 20:18	If a man lies with a menstruating woman and has sexual relations with her, he has exposed the source of her flow, and she has uncovered the source of her blood. Both of them must be cut off from among their people.
Leviticus 20:19	You must not have sexual relations with the sister of your mother or your father, for it is exposing one’s own kin; both shall bear their iniquity.
Leviticus 20:20	If a man lies with his uncle’s wife, he has uncovered the nakedness of his uncle. They will bear their sin; they shall die childless.
Leviticus 20:21	If a man marries his brother’s wife, it is an act of impurity. He has uncovered the nakedness of his brother; they shall be childless.
Leviticus 20:22	You are therefore to keep all My statutes and ordinances, so that the land where I am bringing you to live will not vomit you out.
Leviticus 20:23	You must not follow the statutes of the nations I am driving out before you. Because they did all these things, I abhorred them.
Leviticus 20:24	But I have told you that you will inherit their land, since I will give it to you as an inheritance—a land flowing with milk and honey. I am the LORD your God, who has set you apart from the peoples.
Leviticus 20:25	You are therefore to distinguish between clean and unclean animals and birds. Do not become contaminated by any animal or bird, or by anything that crawls on the ground; I have set these apart as unclean for you.
Leviticus 20:26	You are to be holy to Me because I, the LORD, am holy, and I have set you apart from the nations to be My own.
Leviticus 20:27	A man or a woman who is a medium or spiritist must surely be put to death. They shall be stoned; their blood is upon them.’”
Leviticus 21:1	Then the LORD said to Moses, “Speak to Aaron’s sons, the priests, and tell them that a priest is not to defile himself for a dead person among his people,
Leviticus 21:2	except for his immediate family—his mother, father, son, daughter, or brother,
Leviticus 21:3	or his unmarried sister who is near to him, since she has no husband.
Leviticus 21:4	He is not to defile himself for those related to him by marriage, and so profane himself.
Leviticus 21:5	Priests must not make bald spots on their heads, shave off the edges of their beards, or make cuts in their bodies.
Leviticus 21:6	They must be holy to their God and not profane the name of their God. Because they present to the LORD the offerings made by fire, the food of their God, they must be holy.
Leviticus 21:7	A priest must not marry a woman defiled by prostitution or divorced by her husband, for the priest is holy to his God.
Leviticus 21:8	You are to regard him as holy, since he presents the food of your God. He shall be holy to you, because I the LORD am holy—I who set you apart.
Leviticus 21:9	If a priest’s daughter defiles herself by prostituting herself, she profanes her father; she must be burned in the fire.
Leviticus 21:10	The priest who is highest among his brothers, who has had the anointing oil poured on his head and has been ordained to wear the priestly garments, must not let his hair hang loose or tear his garments.
Leviticus 21:11	He must not go near any dead body; he must not defile himself, even for his father or mother.
Leviticus 21:12	He must not leave or desecrate the sanctuary of his God, for the consecration of the anointing oil of his God is on him. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 21:13	The woman he marries must be a virgin.
Leviticus 21:14	He is not to marry a widow, a divorced woman, or one defiled by prostitution. He is to marry a virgin from his own people,
Leviticus 21:15	so that he does not defile his offspring among his people, for I am the LORD who sanctifies him.”
Leviticus 21:16	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 21:17	“Say to Aaron, ‘For the generations to come, none of your descendants who has a physical defect may approach to offer the food of his God.
Leviticus 21:18	No man who has any defect may approach—no man who is blind, lame, disfigured, or deformed;
Leviticus 21:19	no man who has a broken foot or hand,
Leviticus 21:20	or who is a hunchback or dwarf, or who has an eye defect, a festering rash, scabs, or a crushed testicle.
Leviticus 21:21	No descendant of Aaron the priest who has a defect shall approach to present the offerings made by fire to the LORD. Since he has a defect, he is not to come near to offer the food of his God.
Leviticus 21:22	He may eat the most holy food of his God as well as the holy food,
Leviticus 21:23	but because he has a defect, he must not go near the veil or approach the altar, so as not to desecrate My sanctuaries. For I am the LORD who sanctifies them.’”
Leviticus 21:24	Moses told this to Aaron and his sons and to all the Israelites.
Leviticus 22:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 22:2	“Tell Aaron and his sons to treat with respect the sacred offerings that the Israelites have consecrated to Me, so that they do not profane My holy name. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:3	Tell them that for the generations to come, if any of their descendants in a state of uncleanness approaches the sacred offerings that the Israelites consecrate to the LORD, that person must be cut off from My presence. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:4	If a descendant of Aaron has a skin disease or a discharge, he may not eat the sacred offerings until he is clean. Whoever touches anything defiled by a corpse or by a man who has an emission of semen,
Leviticus 22:5	or whoever touches a crawling creature or a person that makes him unclean, whatever the uncleanness may be—
Leviticus 22:6	the man who touches any of these will remain unclean until evening. He must not eat from the sacred offerings unless he has bathed himself with water.
Leviticus 22:7	When the sun has set, he will become clean, and then he may eat from the sacred offerings, for they are his food.
Leviticus 22:8	He must not eat anything found dead or torn by wild animals, which would make him unclean. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:9	The priests must keep My charge, lest they bear the guilt and die because they profane it. I am the LORD who sanctifies them.
Leviticus 22:10	No one outside a priest’s family may eat the sacred offering, nor may the guest of a priest or his hired hand eat it.
Leviticus 22:11	But if a priest buys a slave with his own money, or if a slave is born in his household, that slave may eat his food.
Leviticus 22:12	If the priest’s daughter is married to a man other than a priest, she is not to eat of the sacred contributions.
Leviticus 22:13	But if a priest’s daughter with no children becomes widowed or divorced and returns to her father’s house, she may share her father’s food as in her youth. But no outsider may share it.
Leviticus 22:14	If anyone eats a sacred offering in error, he must add a fifth to its value and give the sacred offering to the priest.
Leviticus 22:15	The priests must not profane the sacred offerings that the Israelites present to the LORD
Leviticus 22:16	by allowing the people to eat the sacred offerings and thus to bear the punishment for guilt. For I am the LORD who sanctifies them.”
Leviticus 22:17	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 22:18	“Speak to Aaron and his sons and all the Israelites and tell them, ‘Any man of the house of Israel or any foreign resident who presents a gift for a burnt offering to the LORD, whether to fulfill a vow or as a freewill offering,
Leviticus 22:19	must offer an unblemished male from the cattle, sheep, or goats in order for it to be accepted on your behalf.
Leviticus 22:20	You must not present anything with a defect, because it will not be accepted on your behalf.
Leviticus 22:21	When a man presents a peace offering to the LORD from the herd or flock to fulfill a vow or as a freewill offering, it must be without blemish or defect to be acceptable.
Leviticus 22:22	You are not to present to the LORD any animal that is blind, injured, or maimed, or anything with a running sore, a festering rash, or a scab; you must not put any of these on the altar as an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 22:23	You may present as a freewill offering an ox or sheep that has a deformed or stunted limb, but it is not acceptable in fulfillment of a vow.
Leviticus 22:24	You are not to present to the LORD an animal whose testicles are bruised, crushed, torn, or cut; you are not to sacrifice them in your land.
Leviticus 22:25	Neither you nor a foreigner shall present food to your God from any such animal. They will not be accepted on your behalf, because they are deformed and flawed.’”
Leviticus 22:26	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 22:27	“When an ox, a sheep, or a goat is born, it must remain with its mother for seven days. From the eighth day on, it will be acceptable as an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 22:28	But you must not slaughter an ox or a sheep on the same day as its young.
Leviticus 22:29	When you sacrifice a thank offering to the LORD, offer it so that it may be acceptable on your behalf.
Leviticus 22:30	It must be eaten that same day. Do not leave any of it until morning. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:31	You are to keep My commandments and practice them. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 22:32	You must not profane My holy name. I must be acknowledged as holy among the Israelites. I am the LORD who sanctifies you,
Leviticus 22:33	who brought you out of the land of Egypt to be your God. I am the LORD.”
Leviticus 23:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 23:2	“Speak to the Israelites and say to them, ‘These are My appointed feasts, the feasts of the LORD that you are to proclaim as sacred assemblies.
Leviticus 23:3	For six days work may be done, but the seventh day is a Sabbath of complete rest, a day of sacred assembly. You must not do any work; wherever you live, it is a Sabbath to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:4	These are the LORD’s appointed feasts, the sacred assemblies you are to proclaim at their appointed times.
Leviticus 23:5	The Passover to the LORD begins at twilight on the fourteenth day of the first month.
Leviticus 23:6	On the fifteenth day of the same month begins the Feast of Unleavened Bread to the LORD. For seven days you must eat unleavened bread.
Leviticus 23:7	On the first day you are to hold a sacred assembly; you are not to do any regular work.
Leviticus 23:8	For seven days you are to present an offering made by fire to the LORD. On the seventh day there shall be a sacred assembly; you must not do any regular work.’”
Leviticus 23:9	And the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 23:10	“Speak to the Israelites and say, ‘When you enter the land that I am giving you and you reap its harvest, you are to bring to the priest a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest.
Leviticus 23:11	And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD so that it may be accepted on your behalf; the priest is to wave it on the day after the Sabbath.
Leviticus 23:12	On the day you wave the sheaf, you shall offer a year-old lamb without blemish as a burnt offering to the LORD,
Leviticus 23:13	along with its grain offering of two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour mixed with oil—an offering made by fire to the LORD, a pleasing aroma—and its drink offering of a quarter hin of wine.
Leviticus 23:14	You must not eat any bread or roasted or new grain until the very day you have brought this offering to your God. This is to be a permanent statute for the generations to come, wherever you live.
Leviticus 23:15	From the day after the Sabbath, the day you brought the sheaf of the wave offering, you are to count off seven full weeks.
Leviticus 23:16	You shall count off fifty days until the day after the seventh Sabbath, and then present an offering of new grain to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:17	Bring two loaves of bread from your dwellings as a wave offering, each made from two-tenths of an ephah of fine flour, baked with leaven, as the firstfruits to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:18	Along with the bread you are to present seven unblemished male lambs a year old, one young bull, and two rams. They will be a burnt offering to the LORD, together with their grain offerings and drink offerings—an offering made by fire, a pleasing aroma to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:19	You shall also prepare one male goat as a sin offering and two male lambs a year old as a peace offering.
Leviticus 23:20	The priest is to wave the lambs as a wave offering before the LORD, together with the bread of the firstfruits. The bread and the two lambs shall be holy to the LORD for the priest.
Leviticus 23:21	On that same day you are to proclaim a sacred assembly, and you must not do any regular work. This is to be a permanent statute wherever you live for the generations to come.
Leviticus 23:22	When you reap the harvest of your land, do not reap all the way to the edges of your field or gather the gleanings of your harvest. Leave them for the poor and the foreign resident. I am the LORD your God.’”
Leviticus 23:23	The LORD also said to Moses,
Leviticus 23:24	“Speak to the Israelites and say, ‘On the first day of the seventh month you are to have a day of rest, a sacred assembly announced by trumpet blasts.
Leviticus 23:25	You must not do any regular work, but you are to present an offering made by fire to the LORD.’”
Leviticus 23:26	Again the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 23:27	“The tenth day of this seventh month is the Day of Atonement. You shall hold a sacred assembly and humble yourselves, and present an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:28	On this day you are not to do any work, for it is the Day of Atonement, when atonement is made for you before the LORD your God.
Leviticus 23:29	If anyone does not humble himself on this day, he must be cut off from his people.
Leviticus 23:30	I will destroy from among his people anyone who does any work on this day.
Leviticus 23:31	You are not to do any work at all. This is a permanent statute for the generations to come, wherever you live.
Leviticus 23:32	It will be a Sabbath of complete rest for you, and you shall humble yourselves. From the evening of the ninth day of the month until the following evening you are to keep your Sabbath.”
Leviticus 23:33	And the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 23:34	“Speak to the Israelites and say, ‘On the fifteenth day of the seventh month the Feast of Tabernacles to the LORD begins, and it continues for seven days.
Leviticus 23:35	On the first day there shall be a sacred assembly. You must not do any regular work.
Leviticus 23:36	For seven days you are to present an offering made by fire to the LORD. On the eighth day you are to hold a sacred assembly and present an offering made by fire to the LORD. It is a solemn assembly; you must not do any regular work.
Leviticus 23:37	These are the LORD’s appointed feasts, which you are to proclaim as sacred assemblies for presenting offerings by fire to the LORD—burnt offerings and grain offerings, sacrifices and drink offerings, each on its designated day.
Leviticus 23:38	These offerings are in addition to the offerings for the LORD’s Sabbaths, and in addition to your gifts, to all your vow offerings, and to all the freewill offerings you give to the LORD.
Leviticus 23:39	On the fifteenth day of the seventh month, after you have gathered the produce of the land, you are to celebrate a feast to the LORD for seven days. There shall be complete rest on the first day and also on the eighth day.
Leviticus 23:40	On the first day you are to gather the fruit of majestic trees, the branches of palm trees, and the boughs of leafy trees and of willows of the brook. And you are to rejoice before the LORD your God for seven days.
Leviticus 23:41	You are to celebrate this as a feast to the LORD for seven days each year. This is a permanent statute for the generations to come; you are to celebrate it in the seventh month.
Leviticus 23:42	You are to dwell in booths for seven days. All the native-born of Israel must dwell in booths,
Leviticus 23:43	so that your descendants may know that I made the Israelites dwell in booths when I brought them out of the land of Egypt. I am the LORD your God.’”
Leviticus 23:44	So Moses announced to the Israelites the appointed feasts of the LORD.
Leviticus 24:1	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 24:2	“Command the Israelites to bring you pure oil of pressed olives for the light, to keep the lamps burning continually.
Leviticus 24:3	Outside the veil of the Testimony in the Tent of Meeting, Aaron is to tend the lamps continually before the LORD from evening until morning. This is to be a permanent statute for the generations to come.
Leviticus 24:4	He shall tend the lamps on the pure gold lampstand before the LORD continually.
Leviticus 24:5	You are also to take fine flour and bake twelve loaves, using two-tenths of an ephah for each loaf,
Leviticus 24:6	and set them in two rows—six per row—on the table of pure gold before the LORD.
Leviticus 24:7	And you are to place pure frankincense near each row, so that it may serve as a memorial portion for the bread, an offering made by fire to the LORD.
Leviticus 24:8	Every Sabbath day the bread is to be set out before the LORD on behalf of the Israelites as a permanent covenant.
Leviticus 24:9	It belongs to Aaron and his sons, who are to eat it in a holy place; for it is to him a most holy part of the offerings made by fire to the LORD—his portion forever.”
Leviticus 24:10	Now the son of an Israelite mother and an Egyptian father went out among the Israelites, and a fight broke out in the camp between him and an Israelite.
Leviticus 24:11	The son of the Israelite woman blasphemed the Name with a curse. So they brought him to Moses. (His mother’s name was Shelomith daughter of Dibri, of the tribe of Dan.)
Leviticus 24:12	They placed him in custody until the will of the LORD should be made clear to them.
Leviticus 24:13	Then the LORD said to Moses,
Leviticus 24:14	“Take the blasphemer outside the camp, and have all who heard him lay their hands on his head; then have the whole assembly stone him.
Leviticus 24:15	And you are to tell the Israelites, ‘If anyone curses his God, he shall bear the consequences of his sin.
Leviticus 24:16	Whoever blasphemes the name of the LORD must surely be put to death; the whole assembly must surely stone him, whether he is a foreign resident or native; if he blasphemes the Name, he must be put to death.
Leviticus 24:17	And if a man takes the life of anyone else, he must surely be put to death.
Leviticus 24:18	Whoever kills an animal must make restitution—life for life.
Leviticus 24:19	If anyone injures his neighbor, whatever he has done must be done to him:
Leviticus 24:20	fracture for fracture, eye for eye, tooth for tooth. Just as he injured the other person, the same must be inflicted on him.
Leviticus 24:21	Whoever kills an animal must make restitution, but whoever kills a man must be put to death.
Leviticus 24:22	You are to have the same standard of law for the foreign resident and the native; for I am the LORD your God.’”
Leviticus 24:23	Then Moses spoke to the Israelites, and they took the blasphemer outside the camp and stoned him. So the Israelites did as the LORD had commanded Moses.
Leviticus 25:1	Then the LORD said to Moses on Mount Sinai,
Leviticus 25:2	“Speak to the Israelites and say to them: When you enter the land that I am giving you, the land itself must observe a Sabbath to the LORD.
Leviticus 25:3	For six years you may sow your field and prune your vineyard and gather its crops.
Leviticus 25:4	But in the seventh year there shall be a Sabbath of complete rest for the land—a Sabbath to the LORD. You are not to sow your field or prune your vineyard.
Leviticus 25:5	You are not to reap the aftergrowth of your harvest or gather the grapes of your untended vines. The land must have a year of complete rest.
Leviticus 25:6	Whatever the land yields during the Sabbath year shall be food for you—for yourself, your manservant and maidservant, the hired hand or foreigner who stays with you,
Leviticus 25:7	and for your livestock and the wild animals in your land. All its growth may serve as food.
Leviticus 25:8	And you shall count off seven Sabbaths of years—seven times seven years—so that the seven Sabbaths of years amount to forty-nine years.
Leviticus 25:9	Then you are to sound the horn far and wide on the tenth day of the seventh month, the Day of Atonement. You shall sound it throughout your land.
Leviticus 25:10	So you are to consecrate the fiftieth year and proclaim liberty in the land for all its inhabitants. It shall be your Jubilee, when each of you is to return to his property and to his clan.
Leviticus 25:11	The fiftieth year will be a Jubilee for you; you are not to sow the land or reap its aftergrowth or harvest the untended vines.
Leviticus 25:12	For it is a Jubilee; it shall be holy to you. You may eat only the crops taken directly from the field.
Leviticus 25:13	In this Year of Jubilee, each of you shall return to his own property.
Leviticus 25:14	If you make a sale to your neighbor or a purchase from him, you must not take advantage of each other.
Leviticus 25:15	You are to buy from your neighbor according to the number of years since the last Jubilee; he is to sell to you according to the number of harvest years remaining.
Leviticus 25:16	You shall increase the price in proportion to a greater number of years, or decrease it in proportion to a lesser number of years; for he is selling you a given number of harvests.
Leviticus 25:17	Do not take advantage of each other, but fear your God; for I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 25:18	You are to keep My statutes and carefully observe My judgments, so that you may dwell securely in the land.
Leviticus 25:19	Then the land will yield its fruit, so that you can eat your fill and dwell in safety in the land.
Leviticus 25:20	Now you may wonder, ‘What will we eat in the seventh year if we do not sow or gather our produce?’
Leviticus 25:21	But I will send My blessing upon you in the sixth year, so that the land will yield a crop sufficient for three years.
Leviticus 25:22	While you are sowing in the eighth year, you will be eating from the previous harvest, until the ninth year’s harvest comes in.
Leviticus 25:23	The land must not be sold permanently, because it is Mine, and you are but foreigners and residents with Me.
Leviticus 25:24	Thus for every piece of property you possess, you must provide for the redemption of the land.
Leviticus 25:25	If your brother becomes impoverished and sells some of his property, his nearest of kin may come and redeem what his brother has sold.
Leviticus 25:26	Or if a man has no one to redeem it for him, but he prospers and acquires enough to redeem his land,
Leviticus 25:27	he shall calculate the years since its sale, repay the balance to the man to whom he sold it, and return to his property.
Leviticus 25:28	But if he cannot obtain enough to repay him, what he sold will remain in possession of the buyer until the Year of Jubilee. In the Jubilee, however, it is to be released, so that he may return to his property.
Leviticus 25:29	If a man sells a house in a walled city, he retains his right of redemption until a full year after its sale; during that year it may be redeemed.
Leviticus 25:30	If it is not redeemed by the end of a full year, then the house in the walled city is permanently transferred to its buyer and his descendants. It is not to be released in the Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:31	But houses in villages with no walls around them are to be considered as open fields. They may be redeemed, and they shall be released in the Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:32	As for the cities of the Levites, the Levites always have the right to redeem their houses in the cities they possess.
Leviticus 25:33	So whatever belongs to the Levites may be redeemed—a house sold in a city they possess—and must be released in the Jubilee, because the houses in the cities of the Levites are their possession among the Israelites.
Leviticus 25:34	But the open pastureland around their cities may not be sold, for this is their permanent possession.
Leviticus 25:35	Now if your countryman becomes destitute and cannot support himself among you, then you are to help him as you would a foreigner or stranger, so that he can continue to live among you.
Leviticus 25:36	Do not take any interest or profit from him, but fear your God, that your countryman may live among you.
Leviticus 25:37	You must not lend him your silver at interest or sell him your food for profit.
Leviticus 25:38	I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt to give you the land of Canaan and to be your God.
Leviticus 25:39	If a countryman among you becomes destitute and sells himself to you, then you must not force him into slave labor.
Leviticus 25:40	Let him stay with you as a hired worker or temporary resident; he is to work for you until the Year of Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:41	Then he and his children are to be released, and he may return to his clan and to the property of his fathers.
Leviticus 25:42	Because the Israelites are My servants, whom I brought out of the land of Egypt, they are not to be sold as slaves.
Leviticus 25:43	You are not to rule over them harshly, but you shall fear your God.
Leviticus 25:44	Your menservants and maidservants shall come from the nations around you, from whom you may purchase them.
Leviticus 25:45	You may also purchase them from the foreigners residing among you or their clans living among you who are born in your land. These may become your property.
Leviticus 25:46	You may leave them to your sons after you to inherit as property; you can make them slaves for life. But as for your brothers, the Israelites, no man may rule harshly over his brother.
Leviticus 25:47	If a foreigner residing among you prospers, but your countryman dwelling near him becomes destitute and sells himself to the foreigner or to a member of his clan,
Leviticus 25:48	he retains the right of redemption after he has sold himself. One of his brothers may redeem him:
Leviticus 25:49	either his uncle or cousin or any close relative from his clan may redeem him. Or if he prospers, he may redeem himself.
Leviticus 25:50	He and his purchaser will then count the time from the year he sold himself up to the Year of Jubilee. The price of his sale will be determined by the number of years, based on the daily wages of a hired hand.
Leviticus 25:51	If many years remain, he must pay for his redemption in proportion to his purchase price.
Leviticus 25:52	If only a few years remain until the Year of Jubilee, he is to calculate and pay his redemption according to his remaining years.
Leviticus 25:53	He shall be treated like a man hired from year to year, but a foreign owner must not rule over him harshly in your sight.
Leviticus 25:54	Even if he is not redeemed in any of these ways, he and his children shall be released in the Year of Jubilee.
Leviticus 25:55	For the Israelites are My servants. They are My servants, whom I brought out of the land of Egypt. I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 26:1	“You must not make idols for yourselves or set up a carved image or sacred pillar; you must not place a sculpted stone in your land to bow down to it. For I am the LORD your God.
Leviticus 26:2	You must keep My Sabbaths and have reverence for My sanctuary. I am the LORD.
Leviticus 26:3	If you follow My statutes and carefully keep My commandments,
Leviticus 26:4	I will give you rains in their season, and the land will yield its produce, and the trees of the field will bear their fruit.
Leviticus 26:5	Your threshing will continue until the grape 